There was never any communication between them.
It does not affect the government.
Give me your name and address.
She is a math teacher.
Do you think it is a significant problem?
It is not healthy to be under a lot of stress.
It must be done eventually.
He made a career in business.
Could he write something original?
Is it a system of philosophy?
They took an active part in the family business.
His mind was very active.
We heard that it was a significant problem.
That organization has a lot of structure.
What color is the ball?
Do you keep money in your apartment?
So far as he was concerned, they did not exist.
Did she go to the ball game?
I had a fine education.
I care for painting and music.
Give us a share of the software market.
Go due north and you will find them.
Let us now visit him.
The best gift of all is the knowledge of life.
You will share the cost with us.
He was a negative young man.
She will provide structure for her children.
It is true that I have been generally successful.
He did not rise from bed this morning.
It will have a large impact on society.
All this would require too much time.
Is there medicine for that disease?
But now rise and put me back into the box.
What is the value of communication?
Is it a standard use of the word?
Tell us what it is that you require.
He took an active part in the business.
Everyone in the building will read the report later.
Was it a difficult review?
Give me your address.
At any rate, the three of us are concerned.
It is standard and necessary in business.
Are you interested in the family business?
How is the medicine to be taken?
It will be a change for me to visit you often.
It would require all your knowledge to be able to do it.
She was limited by him.
We saw two people inside the house.
Will their marriage end in failure?
Did that tool cost you much?
She has let it occur again.
Unless I name them, you will never know who did it.
A moment later, he was inside the house.
People wont buy them unless we buy them first.
It is not exactly the same kind of work, she said.
Will the government screen the children from war.
Some day you will visit us, I hope.
Day began to break.
This is a sound approach to business.
What has been the impact on the economy?
Is your math correct?
This is an effective medium.
He told me to take charge of them.
Is the soup still hot?
But as a matter of fact, she interested him.
Oh, I dont know exactly, she said.
Success might at first be small, but it was certain.
Is the item round?
Prepare to fire on the army.
He could not go beyond it.
Does that computer take a lot of electrical power to run?
They are only interested in the truth.
How could a successful man be in the wrong?
And what is our share of it?
It is cold outside.
Where did you learn to paint?
Advertising is good for business.
What did the Board of Education have to say?
We took a chemistry course together.
All was regular and in order.
His main interest was now in philosophy.
He will not require the car today.
Is it a large ball?
I am sure he knew that the ship would go to the bottom.
That does not affect me.
Tell me about the history of our nation.
What is the price for the painting?
I know exactly what you mean.
What did you say her address was?
Sound can not travel without a medium.
Is the screen still there?
My computer can not read the disk.
Eventually is a long time.
Some of these can be used to our advantage.
There was nothing left to review.
It was a successful business.
I hope you have a lot of energy today.
We are very near the bottom now.
Were you able to make a visual check?
I came here and told the king not to let it occur again.
Does the item have much value?
Let us purchase the item at the market.
You do not know why he came to visit you?
Do you study medicine at school?
Did you make a visual check of the room?
His education was now complete.
Will you visit us?
In a certain sense, it was a success.
Would you rather learn about chemistry or physics?
I will give you all the money you require.
Should I cycle it down?
Some of these appear to be significant.
The advantage is all on our side.
Before long, they will reach the bank of a river.
Each island was an independent community.
She has an above average mind.
They could not reach the bottom.
I had my share of it.
She now has a less active part to play.
You will have no such power working outside the law.
Is she pregnant with your child?
I require all or nothing.
She will have a career with the university.
This is a free nation.
I had no regular teacher at school.
His talk was original, simple, and clear.
Do not rise yet.
It is our philosophy.
The man had a large frame.
It is normally hot in the summer.
Why does she have so much energy?
But it was wide of the mark.
It was not easy to avoid them.
It was expensive for such a small home.
We need to cut the metal.
She is behind the screen.
She is especially good at math.
It will occur again later today.
But I am not content with this.
I never laugh at other people unless they do bad work.
They always take advantage of us.
In due time, my boy.
It is easy to cycle with the wind behind you.
Let us be content with what we have.
What kind of math problem is it?
Their medicine was no good to them.
Should I cook over medium heat?
And in addition, I will give you gold.
Then the report is true?
She will read a book on the bus.
Straight in front of you, the door is open.
I dont like the view from here.
Cook over medium heat.
It was well below the average.
Will she live in a small apartment?
When will you study philosophy at school?
He has not been near the bank today.
What is your definition of stress?
It was not a very good day for a visit, he said.
Was their action negative against the king?
Our economy is more complex than that.
The watch was a gift from my mother.
A man who had had a university education could teach anything.
This was her last gift to me.
We can not go in without the combination.
You dont know anything about our craft.
She went into a bank instead?
But his education was not all from books.
Heat and light can be produced from electrical power.
Tell me about your math class.
She will teach chemistry next year.
If I were middle class, I would turn my back on my family business.
It is under international review.
Who gave the report?
Follow the road along the west bank of the river.
At what time did it occur?
Go into the room and look inside the box.
I am not their physics teacher.
We have not found the bottom yet.
A computer is a useful tool in business.
That combination is a bad one.
They will have to move from their apartment soon.
There is no more energy left.
Under pressure, she told me a great deal.
No need to paint the man as bad.
I only want success for her.
I like the visual of the building.
I take charge of everything.
Bring the ball with you to the game.
When did it occur to him?
About the middle of the month?
On your way to town, come up the regular way.
Is it on the bottom of the sea?
We are working to make a positive impact on the world.
But with your education, you must know.
Did you study for your chemistry exam?
They could not understand why such a thing would affect them.
Where is the bus?
His whole career had been a failure.
Let us review his business plan.
In exchange for what?
Its pretty much the same in politics.
But I dont believe a teacher should be cross.
He had a good understanding of politics.
Oh, what a gift.
It will be due in a week.
She will achieve her goal soon.
See the location on the map.
It is an effective answer to his question.
He has an apartment within the house.
When will the ball game be over?
Is there a screen around her bed?
Is she in math class?
But he was not fit for an active life.
The last medicine she took did her a great deal of good.
Is the temperature normally so hot in here?
What was the impact of your business strategy?
Men do not know the natural disease of the mind.
Are you ready for the bus to get here?
Is there something wrong with that bank?
This is the wrong approach.
It was not a long report.
Why did you call my attention to his feet?
The frame of the house was made from wood.
How often do you practice your craft?
When he got home, the soup was on the table.
And how many are you in charge of?
There was no choice left for him.
It was a gift of nature.
What is your point of view on the matter?
I see the light inside.
There is nothing we can do to stop the disease.
How would they address us?
I can not identify this country on the map.
There may be more food inside.
Remember that she is pregnant.
There was not a sound inside the room.
He made a sign for me to approach.
It was a negative question to ask them.
He is painting the boat.
Give me her address.
You have nothing else to report to us?
But only five are due to me.
How much do you know about chemistry?
She told us that she was pregnant.
The book review went well.
The king has limited power.
Do you have a visual of the army?
You have a fine career in medicine.
On what charge?
It was the middle of the night.
They had no energy left to complete the work.
There is life beyond our present life.
There is electrical activity in the brain.
He was content to take all and give nothing in return.
She did not rise again from bed.
I do not believe the report.
I took good care to avoid this.
The table was not very wide.
He will find the address.
My school teacher said so.
I do not know what the issue is between us.
But they had no success with it.
When did she become pregnant?
There was more art than science in their craft.
It is a large ball.
Let us have some soup together.
From what part of the world did it rise?
Tell me all about your culture.
In any work of literature, you will find good structure.
I had no choice.
It is a good television screen.
We do not know the location of the army.
Do you think it is a beautiful painting?
In addition to what?
Was it in order to pay us a simple visit?
We will visit them.
Is it possible for her to still become pregnant?
Do you know how to use that tool?
Is it a mental disease?
His energy was without measure.
What do you think of that combination?
It is a place where rest is limited.
Was there any chemistry between them?
If you want anything come straight to me.
Will it affect them?
Did you study chemistry at school?
Do you have a medium in this color?
Is there important information on the disk?
No, I said, that is not at all the meaning of my art.
Well, I will visit her.
This is my charge.
Each group had its share of the food.
They will laugh at the report.
The original plan was bad.
Is it difficult to use that tool?
It was a significant idea.
Perhaps, it will prepare the way for a better future in time.
It was very limited.
It is a new combination.
Do they teach chemistry at your high school?
Its a great addition to the book.
What chance had I against a whole nation?
Does everyone have a role to play?
The pressure was too great.
It is an effective action to take against them.
And what about your education?
No address was on your card.
How much electrical power do you use each month?
The old man did not like the soup.
Is the screen still in place?
Is the mind independent of the body?
He is a good man with a lot of energy.
Nothing that he found at the market has any original value.
But tell me without reserve what your name is.
No, from the point of view of the individual.
How much did they charge you for it?
We heard a break in her voice.
It concerned him a little.
It is a complex natural cycle.
Are you thinking of the Federal Reserve Act?
She will make a great addition to our family.
Start at the bottom of the business.
There is a lot of user data on that disk.
Is it an original disk?
There is important information on the computer screen.
It is a young philosophy and not yet complete.
The white paint is on the table.
I will share it with you.
Is it really only negative?
This is a great goal that we can achieve together.
I can not see the screen.
Do you consider it a system of philosophy?
Do you know the combination?
Does it occur in nature?
Certainly, it was a benefit to the people.
It was a significant change.
Let us look at it from his point of view.
What is the least expensive thing in the store?
Do not do it unless you have experience with them.
I had the advantage in the game.
Energy and power are different things.
In addition, she will go into town later today.
It was a bad break.
For one thing, my body does not require much of me.
So far, she has been successful in life.
He was content for the moment.
It is possible to achieve our goal.
Was the disease present?
If I could only get regular work, I would make it on my own.
My father and I have a similar view on politics.
The soup is really good.
It is said that human society is complex in its nature.
I feel the pressure of his hand.
They are complex and yet simple at the same time.
Our economy is more complex than ever.
I do not normally dance.
I will not take part in this review.
Are you a student of philosophy?
Did they take an active part in the business?
Is there support limited to money?
A long visit?
It is a metal table.
There is pressure on us to pay the tax.
He took the bus home to see his family.
Did the king take issue with it?
It is less complex than you think.
If we choose, we can continue to do so.
They are in charge.
In the middle of the room, there was a table.
Increase the pressure.
Will it take a long time to get on location?
How complex is human society?
Did you find chemistry hard to study for?
We might not benefit much from it.
He did not actually break the law.
Where is the balance of power in the family?
My life has been a failure.
What did he say about our culture?
He made a big impact on the family.
It is not enough to affect the success of our business.
There is a limited amount of land.
The old man knew the meaning of this.
She was full of energy.
He was not without culture.
That is a poor combination.
But it was necessary to avoid war.
This was very effective against them.
The house door stood wide open.
I have no choice but to go.
But that is an expensive approach to business.
Did you share it with your children?
What color is the bus?
I will use wood to make the frame of the bed.
A tax was made upon the nation.
I am normally quick to answer.
I am content with what I have in life.
I must take advantage of the night.
He is just a regular old dog.
As a thing of art, nothing could be better than the painting itself.
Strong pressure brought me to look into the matter.
Then you dont believe in education?
Prepare the children for school.
It is an easy math problem.
We will cycle to work later today.
Average farm income is enough to live on.
I dont bank with them.
You have my attention.
Does her family know that she is pregnant?
Come into my apartment.
But why on earth did you break it off with her?
The equipment is made from metal parts.
I will not identify her for you.
The soup certainly was not bad.
They are a people without discipline.
Do you own that craft?
How long will she be content with that?
Free trade will benefit the working class.
It was an expensive act to follow.
He said that it was very expensive.
What is the unit of measure for electrical power?
I think it has been a great success.
Do not tell them unless you think it will do them some good.
How much information is on the disk?
There was no direct communication between them.
Beyond that, he could tell them nothing.
Our system of government is effective.
The war will stress the king soon enough.
What has been your experience in that role?
It was always best to let her approach him first.
He found money in politics.
What did you get in exchange for that?
Does your business need advertising?
They were never to see or have any communication with each other.
It will take a lot of mental energy to complete the work.
Is it normally so cold in here?
It will not occur again.
We are one nation and one people.
Is the item for purchase?
Its weight is its only advantage.
He has made it a success for them.
Every radio had to meet the standards set by the government.
How much stress are you under at work?
It is not necessary to increase our army beyond its present size.
Tell me about your philosophy on business.
A nation can have no interest in being wrong.
We will achieve our goal soon.
But I told you to pay attention.
Go to school and study math.
We can not play the game without a ball.
It is expensive to live in the city.
He had no reserve price.
Our craft is easy to learn.
I was always bottom of the class in math.
Such a thing could not occur again.
He thinks he will achieve much more by force.
Do you like the painting?
Have they begun advertising for it?
I long to be able to paint such a picture.
She has been under review.
What more would you require of them?
He is a successful man.
The plan was successful.
This was exactly as it should be.
Do you like math?
What kind of failure was it?
What is the standard market value for that?
Is the army at a good location?
There is nothing beyond their reach.
Is there anything that you require of me?
Do you know his address?
It is about five feet long and a foot and a half wide.
We will continue the game later.
Would you like to be a teacher one day?
Can we not avoid them?
He does electrical work for a living.
And then the moon would rise later tonight.
What is the impact on the environment?
She took great interest in his craft.
I want to avoid being alone.
Are you interested in my work?
Are you reading a math book?
See the report below.
Prepare to meet my mother.
Was he full of energy?
For the first time, we had a good view of the king.
Was the advertising good for business?
The same was true of politics.
Do you like the item?
I get little active exercise.
What is their current location?
The middle of the room is clear.
We will identify him by the end of the day.
They live at the bank?
I can do good work if I am interested.
Life had no meaning for him.
The bottom line is the bottom line.
Where does electrical power come from?
The best men do not go into politics.
The item will become available to the public.
To me it has no meaning.
The child was never good unless we had company over.
As you see, there was more to her than her education.
In the middle of the day?
I require to be left alone.
I want to paint a picture for you.
It is difficult for the bus to make it up the mountain side.
The first part was due to you, the other to the king.
Cycle it down.
How much free space is on the disk?
Will you make the exchange with them?
It is a difficult standard to achieve.
Will they play ball with us?
I have said exactly what I mean.
The computer can read the disk.
Communication between them was not possible.
There was direct communication between them.
Is there a balance of power?
Is it expensive?
Is it difficult to identify a person by their writing?
We are in the same math class.
That is the real issue.
They did not avoid her.
Off you go, and come back with a better report next time.
Is it a difficult combination to remember?
We are not content to stand still.
Does she provide structure for her children?
I have the gift of beauty.
Our balance of trade is good.
How did this occur?
It was for his benefit.
Does he have a reserve price on the farm?
But how are you to benefit from that?
It must be a gift of nature.
In my mind, it was effective.
Do you have much knowledge about the item?
In addition, I should do several other things.
Culture is free to change over time.
How should he address her?
But she was not concerned.
I do not know its original meaning.
Pay attention now.
A new reserve?
Was it a visual record?
I will talk to you without any reserve.
Age does not seem to affect them.
It is the most complex problem on earth.
All I can do is take charge of this.
How much discipline is needed for a successful business?
How much rain do we get in an average year?
Let us consider a complex case.
I dont believe in medicine.
It must therefore be a very late addition to the game.
He was, as people said, a man who had had every advantage.
Will the exercise improve your balance?
There is a picture frame on the table.
Why are they behind the screen?
Is she normally on time?
She was successful and made a lot of money.
How easy is success for those who will only be true to themselves.
She can be found in the middle of the market.
The mind is independent of the body.
Is she in a good frame of mind today?
Is the bus on time?
The ball is under the bed.
I do not normally sleep during the day.
She will not change her mind unless you agree to change your mind too.
This was the original state we found them in.
Dont pay any attention to him.
But how did you get that balance?
What is your address?
The ball game is over.
Did you visit him?
I will not eat unless you share it with me.
The organization and discipline of the army are effective.
I know nothing about advertising.
How long will the review take?
Will you go with me to the bank?
Let us cut it off from being a nation.
Did he take the medicine with him?
It was a financial failure to go into business with them.
Why did they live at the bottom of a well?
Their support was not limited to money.
His career was now complete.
It is a metal wheel.
He did not take advantage of it?
What did you think of the exchange?
We are one nation.
What is the physical nature of stress?
The exercise will improve your balance.
The teacher did not want to know what he said behind her back.
She has no more energy left to give.
Of all the people in the wide world, you had to use me.
What is my share of the money?
It will have an impact on our future.
Come and share the fun with us.
There is no excuse for that kind of failure.
Unless we can get some work soon, we will move out of town.
When will you require me to pay the rent?
Let us break down the door.
They are under no pressure.
I see your point of view now.
My father was really concerned about the family business.
We can not play without a ball.
Let him make a tool of me.
They were in communication with each other.
Is it a complex question?
What role does it play in government?
Is there anyone within view at present?
Do not go beyond this room.
The bank note is due today.
The term was used in a wide sense.
He was successful.
What do you do on active service?
But beyond this, I know nothing.
Their business was a complete failure.
I dont remember exactly for how long.
Well, it will be a useful discipline.
The price is average.
But we will avoid this business all together.
That gave rise to a question in my mind.
We have one item left on the list.
How independent are you?
How big of an impact did it make?
It is a question for culture to answer.
It will take a lot of discipline.
I do not like that part of our culture.
They make an average income of it.
I can not stress it enough.
Work will be more regular from now on.
I was never able to break her of it.
He saw no one outside.
At least as far as the business is concerned.
I will not approach you.
We are all a part of the cycle of life.
Approach the table, he said.
How many of the people in the room can you identify?
He took advantage of me.
The audience found it an effective form of entertainment.
Her beauty was known far and wide.
I never cycle to work.
I will achieve what I can.
Metal is useful to our industry.
Tell me about this item.
I must eventually go into town.
What is the theory of limited government?
There is my bus.
Mother was in charge of it.
Can you wear a medium size?
Tell him to prepare for a field day.
He came straight to the point.
Not as long as we can look straight at each other like this.
We will go out of business unless we get work soon.
I want you to visit me as a friend, and stay a long time.
She made a big impact on him.
How will it benefit them?
I must avoid her.
Have some soup with us.
Give a straight answer to a straight question.
It is an important electrical system.
When will you decide on a location?
Why are they at the bank?
How much did the picture frame cost?
This time, we were able to achieve our object in war.
Search the disk for important information.
It is a question of time before we identify it.
We can, and we will achieve our business goals.
We must get beyond them.
What is the culture like at school?
There is limited service available.
This medicine is not for human use.
Did you take the medicine?
Advertising is effective for our business.
What can be the meaning of it?
Sometimes, they exercise political power in addition to force.
Tell me about your culture back home.
I made my choice to go on with my work.
He was full of energy.
Unless you object, we will leave in the morning.
What is it like to work under pressure from your boss?
From her point of view?
There was a cycle to the kings power.
Is there a standard way to record our work?
He will have limited freedom under the king.
He is a man of culture.
At first, it did not seem that we should be concerned about it.
Pay no attention to it.
Now, we must make a choice.
No, I will not do anything unless you order me to.
But that is a problem we must reserve for the next class.
He was scared to take on that role.
I call it a success.
Is it complex to start up the equipment?
But now I see that I was never anything but a tool to him.
The army will approach from the south.
It was a hard math problem.
Its a fine soup.
She knew the location of the army.
Then I came away straight to you.
We hope for our children to achieve much in life.
But you can not look at it normally and see nothing wrong.
And he had the ball at his feet.
I could not avoid it.
We have an advertising plan to increase business.
You are a part of the cycle of life.
We came to attention.
But can you be content with just one?
How much is the painting worth?
The business cycle is man made.
We normally need only a small army.
His energy will return in the morning.
They just had an addition to the family.
Can we achieve this?
Tell me exactly.
There is a significant chance of bad weather.
It is the best medicine that we have on hand.
Business and advertising go hand in hand.
Are they on location?
Consider her frame of mind before you talk to her. 
Normally, they produce quality equipment.
He had a successful career.
That he was a man now did not occur to her.
I did it for the benefit of the country.
Its exactly what she is.
Identify yourself.
There is nothing negative about it.
No, not unless you tell me why.
Commercial television is a medium for advertising.
I am sure it had no such meaning.
I gave him the address.
We will end the review right now.
She is pregnant.
What is my share of the gold?
Will you play ball with us?
I never knew anyone who made money on the stock exchange, she said.
His career was an excellent one.
It was a very expensive one.
Does the general have the combination?
It is not enough to be happy, one must be content.
I went to the bank on my own.
The report will be on time.
Is it in good visual shape?
Did you purchase the item at the market?
It is beyond our reach.
The book has good structure and is easy to understand.
Our craft is a fast one on the open water.
He did not know their address.
His career was a failure.
Will she remember the combination in a month?
He will identify with my past experience.
He is a student of international politics.
Is it a good apartment building?
Her meaning was clear to all of us.
I am especially good at math.
The most basic tool of all is a good income.
This was in addition to the risk of failure.
It was not a sound philosophy.
Is it a difficult issue between them?
They eventually made their way back home.
Will he remember the combination in a week?
You will have a role in our national government.
And what is her choice?
I feel independent.
She was under a lot of mental stress.
He said that he would not talk politics with me.
I never heard your voice more effective than at that moment.
We will never know the impact of our actions.
Did an electrical short cause the fire?
Will the exchange make you happy?
What was the issue between them?
She took the bus across town to see her boyfriend.
Have you had a successful career in business?
A great deal of our success is due to your work.
However, the standard can be set.
I want to continue in that direction.
I know nothing about chemistry.
This is the best light for painting.
The man came straight toward him.
No, not exactly.
That tool will generally work well for us.
All that I had to do was avoid you both.
Where did you put the disk?
The army is in a good location.
Every morning, he is a regular here.
A thousand men in the army have the disease.
How long has she been pregnant?
I dont think much of their soup.
Avoid this most of all.
They always reserve a few for themselves, he said.
Let me bring our national history to your attention.
They used their hands to craft a work of art.
Continue your story, my boy.
It will be difficult to achieve.
Is there a chance someone will identify you in the street?
How will we benefit from it?
Language is a fine medium to tell a story.
Will it benefit the nation?
But what chance is there of success?
Well, you have found something to be interested in.
During the active period of the war?
Is it an oil painting?
Let me have a word with you outside.
Break down the door.
It is time for us to paint the house.
Light can travel without a medium.
Every man should be content to mind his own business.
He found an excellent screen.
Let us take advantage of that.
Was it done for my benefit?
It was left in reserve for her.
It was often an active part of nature.
It was an addition to our family.
The family business is a source of stress.
It is a difficult screen to put up.
Give everyone their due.
We are the nation that can shape the future.
Do you paint?
Eventually they found the answer they were looking for.
There is a lot of structure at school.
Are they painting the house today?
The child could not keep his balance.
Let us go outside and talk.
I know that it can only be to her advantage that everything should be known.
Is he on the Federal Reserve Board?
There is no standard business practice.
Share it with your children.
It is an expensive house.
Her poor health was because of stress at home.
Do you think it has been a success?
Come inside, will you.
We are at a good location to go fishing.
We believe that the government should be for the benefit of the many.
Our course would continue to be true south.
What do you think about culture?
I did not know how to prepare for it.
What is your home address?
The house was within view.
Do you know what the issue is between them?
Let us review the tax plan.
The communication is from my mother.
Even the king was now concerned.
Is it a visual guide?
Life is a natural cycle.
What will the impact of this law have on our business?
Does it appear to be in good visual shape?
I went to visit him.
Are you in the right frame of mind for such a purchase?
When it did occur to him, it was too late.
Is the metal oven still hot?
Take the bus into town.
What is your current location?
Let us share the farm.
Were we in the same chemistry class?
The land is expensive here.
It is a visual record of the past.
I had no better gift to present you than this.
The average temperature on the island is good.
When will you learn to be independent and to think for yourself?
Did he have a negative voice?
I did not stress it enough.
It will travel through a medium.
Did you cycle to work?
Did you see the advertising in the newspaper?
They must take care and be in shape for effective service in the army.
Do you want to make an exchange?
Watch for the bus.
I had better tell you to prepare yourself ahead of time.
Everyone gave him his complete attention.
Now you know the beginning, middle, and end of the story.
Did you study math at school?
The issue will come to light later today.
But she could not continue on as before.
Do you like soup on a cold day?
There is another form of energy in us.
With their usual energy, they began to work.
Was it an electrical fire?
Why did this thought never occur to me before?
Not even original?
His demand was limited to ten men.
It is beyond my power.
It is our advantage over them.
Well, we will get to the bottom of it.
What do you think about advertising for it?
And what is your choice?
In what city is the Reserve Bank?
It was as if the two would balance each other out.
Was there direct communication between them?
He had reason to be more than content with it now.
As far as love is concerned, I begin where he left off.
At issue is the true nature of man.
The boy was not in a good frame of mind.
I am certain that they will eventually leave.
I dont exactly see how we can do that?
I dont often come outside the bank.
Did your mother share it with you?
Her small round eyes were wide open.
Is that to my advantage?
Will the king be successful?
Balance the day with work and play.
It will happen to every city along the river bank.
Can you give me his name and address?
They eventually made their way into town.
Is it too complex to answer?
How do you fit into our culture?
Does the army hold significant power over the king?
Why do you live on the bank of a river?
I went straight up to her.
It was an electrical fire.
If you want to achieve a high goal, you will have to take a chance.
Report back to me.
In the middle of the night, rain began to fall.
As far as I am concerned, yes.
Tell me all about your philosophy on love.
It was a very early culture of man.
Be content with my love and take me to your father.
Do you like our culture?
Are you under a great deal of pressure at home?
Was the answer negative?
Someone had told him about the exchange the week before.
They were independent and had the right to do so.
It is good discipline for the children.
Are you interested in me?
It is a system of philosophy.
We must have an effective government.
Most people find it expensive to live there.
A straight answer for a true friend.
Eventually, she will enter into marriage.
I want to avoid being poor.
And yet the story is a very significant one.
I have come to give you this gift, she said.
They do not know the combination.
Is your day in balance with work and play?
Is he a regular cook?
How did the review go?
Does their society have much structure?
In addition to you, there are ten other men.
Do you hope to visit them again soon?
The light is produced from electrical power.
We will screen out certain information.
It was significant.
There was communication all throughout the day and night.
What was the impact of it?
Give me the ball.
Come to me after the review is over.
Tell me about your craft.
It is a new philosophy.
They do not require your support.
Will they balance each other out?
He will join the army reserve.
I am therefore quite independent.
Fly due south along the river.
The disease will take the young mans life.
The ball is as large as his head.
Success was everything to him.
Sit down, she said, and I will make you some soup.
She knew the combination without being told.
First, they will try one location and then another.
But I hope to rise in the business world.
I understand the issue at hand.
They have got to walk straight.
You are not so bad as you paint yourself.
Let us exchange money for information.
The car will impact the building.
We hope to achieve much in life.
You cannot be successful in business without making a lot of money.
I will not go into that house again unless you go with me.
Anything is possible in the wide world.
It will require some practice.
The people will rise again.
How could such a thought occur to you?
How much electrical power does it use?
I could not exactly say how or why.
I dont think it would affect me much.
Can we achieve a better result?
Are you able to make a visual on them?
He did not break with the past.
He ran a successful business.
I dont see how that would benefit us.
I will get to the bottom of it.
You can wait for me outside.
He did not pay much attention to what I said.
Nothing can be heard at the bottom of the garden.
They had no communication with the outside world.
But there is no reason why I should avoid it. 
Culture is important in high society.
He then began to approach his mother on the subject.
From what I hear, he is a regular dog.
He was an average human in every way.
As far as she is concerned, we are children.
He used me as a tool to get his way.
Turn the body inside out, and see what kind of thing it is.
It is about the middle of the day.
Did you review the book?
How did you avoid it?
This tool is used to work with wood.
Did they break up?
I could easily tell that there was something left in reserve.
Can you avoid it?
We went for a long cycle ride along the river.
Did she give a negative answer?
Why do you pay attention to her?
I dont like your philosophy.
I am painting.
And now you know the meaning of it.
I will not paint a picture for you.
His marriage is a source of stress.
She had no choice in the matter.
We normally only meet for business.
She is interested in politics.
Of course, you are independent of me.
The young man knew the teacher well.
Was it done for the benefit of the king?
And what is my due?
Is the item available at the store?
Does your life have much structure?
The benefit was not only for the moment, but also for our future.
I never saw him so active before today.
When will they be on location?
Is there a better nation to live within?
I love your nation.
You came straight here?
She read it with great attention.
Will they screen out certain information?
They were not able to achieve their goal.
She had already been an hour in his apartment.
Will it benefit our people?
Is this the right approach?
As a philosophy, it is quite young.
How did your review go?
Is it good to discipline children?
Wait for me outside.
It made an impact on everyone.
Is there anything regular about it?
It is on the bottom of the sea.
We do not know the original purpose of the work.
We are under stress from time to time.
It will take a significant amount of money.
Do you make much money in that career?
What is the real issue?
There is a screen around her bed.
It is a popular computer disk.
Is it time to paint the house again?
This is not a good painting.
Go and prepare yourself.
Who is in charge around here?
There was little communication in their marriage.
She has a high standard when it comes to men.
What is the current air pressure?
Is there power in balance with each other?
But why would you want to paint me?
What role do you play in our family?
She did not know the meaning of the word.
What can you achieve in one day of hard work?
I do not normally fish here.
My address is on the business card.
She had the disease since birth.
Do you like music or painting better?
It is probably a complex question.
How effective was it?
How long have you been in the practice of medicine?
Well, tell me everything without reserve.
My experience was very limited.
My school paper is on that disk.
Let them rise, said the old man.
He had inside information.
A child will make a great addition to our family.
What do you think of her career at the university?
It is a disease of the eye.
Every child must have the best education this nation can provide.
Prepare the body, then follow us. 
The plane will soon impact the mountain.
There was nothing to do but continue on foot.
We will have the combination in a minute.
I will now go into my apartment.
We must bring the federal government into balance.
I have no thought, no hope in life, beyond her.
Do they have a right to a good education?
We are all a part of the natural cycle.
Is it on top of the bus?
This role in the family is not easy.
The people had made their choice.
How well does the teacher structure her class?
I had my share when I came of age.
I really like your apartment.
All of this will be expensive.
About an average day?
Your idea was very new and effective.
His political experience was negative.
That, however, is a complex question.
The issue is not whether we can change this.
I rise late.
Did you break the horse in?
But they had their share of politics back home.
I would not exchange it for all the money in the world.
He ran outside the city.
He began to watch the stock exchange with great interest.
Have you been able to identify him?
They need more structure in their life.
This was his gift to us.
The king had his soup brought in when the dance was over.
Is it an effective form of money?
Do you have the disease too?
Thank you for the gift.
I can not identify this river.
I feel pressure to perform.
Health and education have their beginning in the home.
When will you paint the house?
But the children were not ready for their soup yet.
Was the term used in a wide sense?
Some are more complex than others.
The river is wide and deep.
Their success was really due to him.
How good is our math education?
All education is free.
The metal parts are on the table.
I knew it would be a failure.
Is television the best medium for advertising?
The supply of men for the war was limited.
Take the medicine.
It is a useful role.
It was a question of discipline.
Only one person gave him any attention.
We will leave the money in the bank for the moment.
Will they achieve their goal some day?
Why are you so late, said the teacher?
He must take medicine every day for that disease.
What he said was as complex as the demand had been simple.
There must be something at the bottom of it, however.
But the soup was only warm.
Advertising is a powerful medium for change.
Our country is and always has been a great nation.
What must we do to avoid it?
But here, there is no choice.
She had no idea how effective it would be against them.
It is important to learn about chemistry.
Will it affect our future business?
Is it a difficult standard to achieve?
Let us prepare to meet them.
He knew it could never have been a success without their help.
He is under a lot of stress at work.
Your question is a wide one.
He is too concerned with the business to spend time with his family.
She was my first teacher.
But how far beyond?
Prepare to play against them tonight.
The community is under a lot of stress.
Unless you go first, I will never go home again.
He was reading a math book.
His experience with the family was negative.
The choice was an excellent one.
It will not affect her nature over the long run.
There was almost no original research at that university.
At last, he was successful.
Its beyond me.
It is difficult to perform under pressure.
Prepare your mind for something important.
Are you able to make a visual check?
He set that up as a standard for all men.
The disk is on the table.
There was a light inside.
Do you like chicken soup?
Do I have a choice?
He was a failure throughout his career.
I gave him the medicine and did everything for him.
Its because they are so expensive.
That was his view of the matter.
They are normally on time.
I rise early.
I take it as a free gift, said the boy.
Is this your first visit here?
What do you know about this disease?
And then a new earth will rise from the sea.
People should not talk politics the very next day.
But the world in general will benefit from it.
It is a question of culture.
Her personal business did not affect him one way or the other.
It was, at least, effective.
It is a heavy item.
Film is the best medium.
Their farm had been a failure.
I will see the sun rise one hour before you do.
It lay in the middle of the room.
Every one of us has a role to play.
I had but small hope of success.
It was said without reserve.
This made the approach to the city very difficult.
Eventually, you must do everything for yourself. 
Not a sound inside, not a sign of life.
That is a simple addition.
Who is in charge?
You must learn some of my philosophy before you go.
At last, the report came back to us.
That will be the end of you as far as we are concerned.
But there is a poor young man outside.
In that case, I will continue.
Is nothing due to me, by my right of birth?
I will give you a wide range.
Is she still active after all these years?
Cook the meat over medium heat.
The family was in balance with nature.
He has a small bank balance.
I made a quick visual check.
It is a simple combination.
I will never visit them again.
They had limited experience.
Was it a good gift?
He began to study philosophy at school.
And beyond that?
Do they consider the movie a failure?
Do you consider that tool helpful?
You will not cut that metal with any tool.
She would not break the spell over them.
Sometimes, I rise above my level.
His attention had done all that attention could do.
Are you in charge?
It is a happy issue to have.
Is there enough money in the bank?
Eventually, she told her side of the story.
They will identify you as working for the government.
Eventually, they will give up and go home.
On every point she was successful.
He would hold his second thought in reserve.
She went straight up to him.
The earth was wide, the future was long.
The whole problem with education is its cost. 
Was the door left open wide?
The quality of the metal is in question.
Does she have much structure in her life?
But enough of politics.
She was among regular towns people.
Should I break it off with her?
It is straight enough.
Here is all that you require.
Was there ever any communication between them?
Every item in the store has a number.
For too many men, life is a failure.
In due time, they will find success.
This is a significant change.
All the children got a small gift.
Their medicine was of no use to her.
There is a limited amount of food available.
Let her approach the table.
Give me your attention and follow me.
In addition, he was successful in business.
I was meaning to come and see you, he said.
And how did this occur?
How heavy is the metal oven?
Are you content with yourself and with your life?
But come along with me now straight away.
They took an active part in the government.
Will she have limited freedom under the king?
Let him approach the king.
Oh, I dont require that.
Did a big fish ever break your line and get away?
They were not content with such a policy.
It will be a good deal more expensive than you think.
It might be possible to review later tonight.
Rise, and walk with me.
Remove the disk from the computer.
Now make your choice.
Are you in the right frame of mind to purchase a house?
She is scared of structure in her life.
She has been pregnant for about a month.
The people had become almost independent of the king.
I certainly know this writing, and yet I can not identify it.
Is it a political issue?
Break them up.
No form of government can avoid it.
I do my best to be independent.
Paint the house white.
Let us see how high you can rise in society.
There was no sign of the disease.
It is an issue that will bring war upon the people.
The disk is under the bed.
Provide some structure for your children.
What role will he play?
The tool is in the box.
It was a gift for their marriage.
I made them show me his apartment.
There is little room for choice in our family.
The story has a beginning, middle, and end.
How do you maintain discipline among your men?
The future of our business is negative.
It was the first time she had been beyond the door since her return.
What medium will it travel through?
Technology has an impact on society.
It is difficult to cycle with the wind in front of you.
He is content to take me as I am.
I have heard enough of politics to last me for life.
We keep our money in the bank.
The door was wide open.
Let her approach you.
He had had no regular sleep since the beginning of the war.
Its enough to say that I am a failure in our family.
It is due tonight.
Do you paint children?
Will you walk with me to chemistry class?
We saw him approach her.
Under pressure from his family, he went back to the army.
She is pregnant with my child.
Why did you purchase a metal table?
That night, we did not exchange another word.
Do many people practice that craft in town?
Put the rock on the metal table over there.
What does stress look like for you?
He got paint on the table.
I dont know his address.
Do you remember where the national bank is?
What do you think of that combination of people?
Our country will not benefit from the war.
The computer takes a lot of electrical power.
Do the children not share with each other?
Where is the picture frame?
He has a hope to be independent one day.
And it should continue to be the national policy.
He would not look to his own advantage.
What did he think of my career in medicine?
It was a successful war for the king.
Go due west and you will find the city.
She is very interested in politics.
War will have an impact on the economy.
I have a philosophy all my own.
This was the only thing that interested him.
Inside of it is a short note.
Is it a math book?
Do you consider it a standard business practice?
What does the analysis of the metal tell us about its quality?
Why do you avoid me?
My view of the case is the correct one.
I live a regular life.
Did he approach you with a business deal?
It has no meaning to her.
Are you any good at math?
I do not consider it a failure on our part.
For such a society, only one choice is possible.
Tell me more about your craft.
Are you inside the building?
Television is the best medium.
Does his management have much structure?
Is it the next item on the list?
But what did he say in the report?
Advertising is part of our business strategy.
Take your medicine and go to sleep.
May he approach?
Everything is quite regular.
It is a bad combination to start a war.
May you long live to share it with me.
I am glad she is a success.
It is an oil painting.
He was always active on the farm.
There was limited time to act.
I did not pay the least attention to her.
Unless you come with me, I will stay home.
Prepare to go with me to the bank.
He told me to take charge of them.
I had heard a report of it, but would not believe it.
What was the nature of her communication with them?
The disease will return.
What is the location of the army?
The gift of a friend?
I will call attention to one example.
How significant of a problem is it?
Did he speak with great energy?
Return the disk to the library.
I love you beyond everything.
What kind of game can we play with this ball?
I am independent.
His present frame of mind will lead to success.
He was content now that he saw her happy.
She did it, but without success.
Is there any chemistry between the two of you?
I do not require anything, she said.
Oh, continue.
He is content to take the bus home from school.
Dont view it in that light.
I paint a great deal.
I do not like politics.
They are normally found on the street at night.
Did you ever visit them?
The item is on the table.
You would be interested.
That combination of people has value in an organization.
They did not exchange a word.
We once had a National Bank.
Will she be able to identify you?
I have not been able to identify him.
She is pregnant and healthy.
Let us prepare for better times.
His point of view had always been the same.
How complex is it?
Yes, I will share it with them.
We must continue to design order and discipline into the system.
You are interested in him, I believe.
It is just the same outside.
Now this is a frame of mind that no boy has a right to know.
Let us return to your apartment.
It was an emotional cycle with her family.
You gave him the advantage.
I had no regular income.
They might break up at any time.
This man interested me at once.
Let us continue on.
Is there much data on the disk?
It will take mental discipline.
It is a beautiful painting.
He was most concerned about his music.
Will you help me paint the house?
Did the cycle complete?
We did not differ much on the review.
Someone will identify you in the street.
Remove the art from the frame.
Let us view your picture.
She gave an average price for it.
How will that experience affect you?
Success was his object, and he was generally successful.
Is there something inside?
It would be of great benefit to our people.
He gave a negative answer.
His success was great.
Does he provide much structure?
The best fish swim near the bottom.
It is a new disease.
This is good soup, she said.
Does advertising work for your business?
It is the same size as the original.
There is no one in charge of the box.
Our business data is on that disk.
It was a difficult review.
What is the value of that location?
I will come back to my original point later.
Can you walk straight?
His house is in a really good location.
In addition, he can not do business with the king.
Is it a good advertising plan?
I will teach you on location.
Each teacher must follow their own method.
We can not eat on the bus.
Is she under pressure to perform?
What in the nation can he do about it?
I do not require a great deal of money.
That tool will fit our need.
It is too small a craft to cross the sea.
What do you know about the business cycle?
What is outside in the air?
In fact, it was a regular little fish.
What was their standard price for that?
That is a significant change in the environment.
It was not a real education.
Continue to tell the truth, my little bird.
Exactly at ten, they all went to bed.
It is a standard in computer science.
Her family was under a lot of stress.
The screen is still in place.
The film is a visual art.
I never knew much of my father beyond what my mother told me.
You are interesting and original.
Are you in a good frame of mind?
Open the door to the apartment.
Focus on your role in the family.
They will easily identify him as one of my men.
Will it occur again?
We are in the middle of it all.
It was an above average amount of rain for this time of year.
But beyond the money, he would take nothing.
Are they in a good frame of mind?
Gold is a beautiful metal.
How long has he been painting?
I am as active as I can be.
They left the door open wide.
It is more or less a failure.
Which issue?
It was an address to the king.
You do not know how limited my power is.
The federal government has a special role to play in science and technology.
And did you get to the bottom of it?
They have at least the advantage for now.
What is the basis for their philosophy?
The machine takes electrical power.
It is the gift of life.
He has a negative voice.
They must pay for a war made for their benefit.
How does she feel about being pregnant?
Is everything regular and in order?
When is it due?
It is a failure in our system of government.
Beyond that, I have nothing.
These men are under good discipline.
Tell me about your career.
I would like to visit with you again.
Well, it was significant, he said.
How difficult was your chemistry class today?
Are you good at math?
Did you choose your career, or did it choose you?
They consider it a standard in computer science.
Continue to serve me well, and I will care for you.
They were successful with their farm.
It is in good visual shape.
But this does not appear to have been the original design of the house.
What is the average cost for a house in town?
Was it because of their poor education?
Man must have a standard of his own.
He was a man of energy and ability.
Why are they so expensive?
We might reserve that point for later.
It is a visual record of the war.
He has a lot of experience painting.
It was an average day.
Can you show me the location of the army?
I have an advertising business.
It is just the same as a regular market.
Not unless you tell me why.
What is the object of medical education?
Let us get to the bottom of it.
You need to go into the advertising business.
Eventually, she said no.
I soon got interested in art.
I will charge you for it.
I do not think I made much of a success of it.
I can report to you tonight that its working.
Can you see the screen from there?
Give everyone their due.
Family got in the way of a career.
Not unless I can help you.
She is a fine example of a great teacher.
Do you have a visual on the plane?
Well, you have made a simple choice.
She certainly was an excellent teacher.
Are you content with that?
It will occur again sometime soon.
What will you give me in exchange for that?
Their philosophy brought us war.
It was not a very original thought, but it was certainly a positive one.
She was exactly the same as before.
Little communication took place during the war.
The result was a failure.
Everything he thought was exactly right.
Perhaps you should have brought a ball with you.
The brain is full of electrical activity.
Believe me, this is to our advantage.
We have done our share of work.
We will build a better future for our nation.
How will that affect you?
It is a visual record of our country.
We will have the advantage on our side.
Is there an issue we must deal with today?
Is it safe to go inside?
But it was good to break it off a little.
All discipline will come to an end.
Generally, they are not under a lot of stress.
She had no additional cash to exchange it for another.
I teach literature.
Children normally go to school.
How much stress are you under at school?
The guide made a negative sign with his head.
They could pass from island to island in their small craft.
Let us review it together.
And now I will continue my story.
You are wide of the mark.
When will they achieve their goal?
How much is the average income?
What is her frame of mind like?
We have a complex culture.
I am still new to this role.
When did you get that tool?
Bring me the item.
Does she have a role in your business?
It will have a positive impact on our business.
But why should you give me an expensive house?
They were close together, just outside the door.
What do you know about our craft?
That is exactly what I said.
I will drive to this address you gave me.
I went to school for literature in addition to art.
He was too happy, however, to need much attention.
The cost was significant.
I am very much concerned for him.
It was a significant and difficult problem.
How do you like the apartment?
Come again with a more useful tool.
What type of chemistry did you study?
The king went straight to him.
Stand up straight.
I was not always successful.
But his control in politics was at an end.
It is over there on the river bank.
Look after yourself in the apartment.
I am content to mind my own business.
I hope you perform something original for us.
The metal has a certain quality to it.
Identify this bank note for me.
What are you painting?
How will it affect them?
Is it a good visual record?
He had no education.
Their experience at home was negative.
Did they consider their role in our business?
Is it necessary for our nation?
You know I dont like to hear you talk about politics.
I will report the truth.
If only they knew how little I am concerned about any of them.
That is the definition of stress.
Does she have an average mind?
Are you new to this role?
I want to come back to my original question.
I read the stock exchange list every morning.
His business was above average.
Are they normally on time?
If they will face the king, there is nothing they may not achieve.
Is it complex?
The beginning of the story is significant.
He is very far from being independent.
Very little communication took place between us.
Government is a tool of society.
The fishing industry is still active.
But a wide river ran down the center of the city.
What medicine is that?
Open the door, or I will break it open.
What is the original meaning of the word?
Has your business been successful?
It is a commercial bank.
Bring us soup.
Do you like your apartment?
At any rate, I will not continue to live here.
What combination of things had brought him back into her life?
It is but a single moment in culture.
It did not occur to me before now.
Eventually, they will leave the island.
But this was not the purpose of my visit.
The family will provide structure for the children.
Is there anything we can do to stop the disease?
Human society is complex.
The music was difficult to hear on the bus.
I am not a tool for their use.
As I have said, any average soil will grow food.
Its exactly the same thing.
Make your work have purpose and meaning.
Take him outside.
He will have a career in the army.
I will cook over medium heat.
Science will eventually upset our way of life.
You must exercise to stay active in old age.
Are you interested in the truth?
Was it difficult to learn about chemistry.
About the middle of the month?
He was not concerned about much.
What is the advertising plan?
We serve a great nation.
By what standard do they measure it?
The metal oven was very hot.
I will continue.
It is of benefit to our people.
Let us have everything in its due order.
Screen the children from war.
The middle one?
Every career is open to you.
Chicken soup?
He stood by the screen with his face to the wall.
What could be inside of it?
Everyone had his regular work.
Prepare to meet with the king.
That is my view on politics.
Are you under a lot of pressure?
There must be a balance of power.
Did you paint the house last year?
It is not the philosophy of science.
You see that everything is to our advantage.
Supply and demand is the primary law of exchange.
Are you content now?
Will you take charge of the letter?
Man has made a great impact on the environment.
Point out their location on the map.
As a rule, they were successful.
There was an interesting item in the newspaper today.
Did you exchange words with him?
It was still quite dark outside.
Does the organization have a negative future?
Let us approach the king.
They seem to know their craft well.
They have a history of failure in their business.
We will cook on top of the metal oven.
Nothing interested him now but his health.
I do not care about that issue.
Do you believe we can become one nation?
Let us keep a visual record.
How much do you require at present?
We had no choice.
She is happy to be pregnant again.
We can not complete something so large in so limited a time.
We must try to avoid it.
It was for the benefit of the king.
I am in communication with my department back home.
Are they inside with the king?
Go into town and get cash, unless you want me to do it for you.
It was an average sum of money at the bank.
The idea was a failure.
It is a computer disk.
I am very interested in his work.
It is a standard use of the word.
Because of this, it was clear that good discipline must come first.
That combination of people will work against us.
The first thing we should do is view the body.
It will affect our business.
I will take charge of the family business.
In either case the meaning is the same.
But, teacher, I want to ask you a very important question.
The metal is heavy in my hand.
Did she take the bus to see her family?
Work is medicine for the poor.
As I did not know the meaning of his question, I did not answer.
Is she pregnant?
Its a disease of the mind.
Did she take the medicine with her?
It is a pretty view.
However, she gave notice of her approach.
A whole nation will serve the voice of one man.
They normally ask you to pay one hundred pounds.
It is a great gift to have you as a friend.
No, but you will learn discipline.
I will prepare to fire.
It is a round disk.
Is there anyone inside the building?
I have to visit a place a mile beyond this.
I must eventually be with her.
His business has been under review by the government.
He was sure of their success.
No exchange can be made between them.
It was a difficult frame of mind.
Eventually, I will come back into town.
Science is a discipline of reason.
That is not my meaning of literature.
This plant will always be used in medicine.
This was in addition to the risk of war.
He was healthy and without disease.
Is it possible to achieve?
It is a gift to the king from the people.
On the following day, he did not leave his apartment.
My apartment will be close to his.
He could not avoid it.
Is this the right apartment building?
Is any amount of stress helpful?
You may have my share of the money.
I must pay attention to them.
However, it was a hard craft to learn.
She could not be negative around him.
What, then, is their standard?
There was enough space on the bus for all of us.
He left her pregnant and at home.
Through what medium?
I will reserve the power to choose for you.
Let us prepare for the marriage.
The result was electrical.
Do you take any interest in politics?
Life is the great teacher.
Our national history is anything but average.
He thought he would go straight to bed.
Come outside with me.
What does it mean for you to identify with my family?
I am now ready to learn your craft.
What is the average price of meat in the market?
It does not affect the poor.
It will affect our future business.
He took my hand and made me rise.
He put his hand on the disk.
A voice came from outside the house.
It may not even be original.
Is it an effective form of government?
I did not mean to break in on you.
Change the structure of the sentence.
This should be enough to identify them.
Speak with energy and purpose.
He was a middle class man.
Eventually, I will make use of it.
The car made an impact on society.
It is an organization of the Federal Reserve System.
He is interested, she said.
The answer was negative.
Is the business cycle man made?
It is a black frame.
They came in the middle of the night.
It has a role to play in government.
I will not go unless I am told.
It was a failure of his design.
He is not yet independent of his family.
After all, an independent life is the best life.
Government research is expensive.
He was not interested in the family business.
You are the best teacher I have ever had.
Chemistry is a science.
When did that idea occur to him?
She came under fire for being pregnant.
When will they be in communication again?
The company produces electrical goods.
That is life, said the old teacher.
People will affect you in a different way.
Continue to listen.
Someone is within view of us.
This is a political issue for the king.
The structure was very simple.
I would do anything to be independent.
How long ago did the bus leave?
After his second failure, we left town.
The exercise of war gave discipline to his army.
Oh, but I know nothing about painting.
No man will answer this question in the negative.
How should we approach her family?
Prepare to fire.
She has great creative energy.
Will they bring their own ball to the game?
What is her address?
I do not know how to prepare him for marriage.
Father, this is my beautiful teacher.
What do you require of me?
What is the location of the ship?
It was a great advantage to work on this under cover.
Was chemistry hard for you?
She did not go straight to her house.
Why not do something original?
Is everything in balance?
That is the meaning of business.
But his power was limited.
When did she tell you that she was pregnant?
The market is in the middle of the country.
He said, I require nothing.
Keep it within view.
His career was short.
I am very interested to hear the news.
It was her choice, not his.
I normally drive to town.
He did pay her a little attention a year ago.
He was alone in the middle of a field.
Has she been pregnant for more than a month?
It was very dark outside.
I had no choice in the matter.
He is interested in the truth.
The metal is easy to work with.
Her three later books are less significant.
It was an effective idea.
A wide space is between you and me.
There was no issue now but war.
He stood in the middle of the room.
He does not have a standard job with the bank.
Tell me about the structure of the economy.
Do they understand their role?
Those inside did not care to come out to see who you were.
Air is a medium for sound.
Through what medium will it travel?
This will not affect you.
Some of them were effective.
When I set out to visit her, it was too late.
It is too important for politics as usual.
Its an expensive thing not to know your own mind, he thought.
Always use the right tool for the job.
His discipline is very good.
I live in an apartment.
Once there, however, the view was a very fine one.
I do not care for her soup.
Its money in the bank.
The result was successful.
Do you know the meaning of it?
He has great discipline.
Turn off the power before beginning electrical work.
Children are young and active at that age.
They have no right to be inside the earth.
It is not a disease, she said.
During the day, she was more active.
Must I break it off with him?
Yes, I will report the case.
Each card has a different combination of letters.
On the top of the bus?
What action could be more effective?
Do you know what is at the bottom of the sea?
Is it quite original?
Our course will take us due south.
I am young and active and could be useful to the king.
What was their issue with our family?
If that should happen, he had another course in reserve.
I will not go unless you come with me.
I am really concerned about you.
Let our action be positive and not negative.
I will be glad to exchange a word with him.
Were they in communication with each other?
This did not continue for long, however.
Very little communication ever took place between us.
The pressure is not very specific.
Yes, that is it exactly.
Give me the report.
Take the bus across the river and into town.
Do exactly what I tell you.
Was there anything left to review?
With his usual energy, he set to work.
He was independent, in fact.
That fact may or may not be significant.
What is the next item on the list?
Did he take his medicine today?
Do you have knowledge of that tool?
He went on painting after we left.
I have no education.
Do you value culture?
It is a first in the nation.
Your pay will continue as before.
He went on to tell them about it in due order.
Eventually, the king will tax the people.
The report was good.
Are you in the advertising business?
I will soon be able to right the craft and cross the river.
It is probably too complex to answer.
Should I continue?
As far as they are concerned, they are the only two in the show.
It was a regular plan between her and her father.
It is expensive.
Normally, they can be found in town.
It is complex and yet simple.
Were you a part of the whole cycle?
Is she going to the ball tonight?
The fire was because of an electrical short.
Blue paint is just the right color.
What could be more effective?
It is a visual guide to our past.
It was difficult to remove the art from the frame.
In addition, he must sell the farm.
She was exactly like a child.
One idea did occur to him.
Can he work with metal?
That can have only one meaning.
What is the role of culture in society? 
She did not look as if she were interested.
He then gave the order to charge.
Is there any soup left?
When will they begin advertising for it?
Its a great addition to the tree of life.
Is she behind the screen?
Their power will eventually come to an end.
Oh, its very useful and most effective.
Generally, they are under a lot of pressure at school.
Prepare for it to happen at any time.
But he was a regular good for nothing man, she said.
The item is under the bed.
Up to this time, he was very successful.
They are under a lot of financial pressure.
Have you got to the bottom of it yet?
It is a strong metal.
Let them rise to the moment.
They left the apartment for something better.
What is our balance of trade?
I will give you a good gift.
The army is in a high state of discipline.
There is no choice left in the matter.
Are you a man of culture and education?
His plan was to drive straight up to the house.
They were content to stay until tonight.
Is it a check and balance system?
What can be the meaning of this?
A man must be independent.
Will they profit from their craft?
Why should you be so concerned?
There must have been water at the bottom of the boat.
Is it a difficult role to play?
What will you charge for it?
That is our report.
I see the bottom of your question.
It is normally cold in late fall.
She is very pregnant.
When did this occur?
Does he know whether she is pregnant?
I know exactly what to do.
Was he scared to take on that role?
Does the item have much value?
But how does that affect them?
We will learn about the structure of government.
Success, as I have told you, was certain.
It will take a lot of practice to learn that craft.
Look for our advertising in the next newspaper.
A beautiful picture is on the computer screen.
Go outside and wait for me.
I know the moon will rise tonight.
We will go see the medicine man.
This did not seem to affect them.
She found the expensive book under the bed.
And you have no other charge against him?
We always knew there was an outside chance it would happen.
What do you know about advertising?
This step, however, was a complete failure.
Dont address me as if I were a king.
But the outside world saw nothing.
Is that your point of view?
But what is the meaning of all this?
What is the check and balance system?
Eventually, the plane must land.
He will grow up to be independent of his father.
I know that it will be expensive.
Did you bring the ball with you?
He will never paint again.
There was no disease present.
I feel the pressure of war on us.
They made us study chemistry in high school.
Under pressure from home, she went through with it.
This is the most significant feature of marketing.
The best education for the people is government.
No teacher can do that for you.
If anyone knew, it would break their career.
What would a teacher be without her own philosophy?
