Joke Setup: How do you make a tissue dance?
Punchline: Put a little boogie in it.

Joke Setup: What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum?
Punchline: A meltdown.

Joke Setup: What do you call an alligator in a vest?
Punchline: An investigator.

Joke Setup: What do you call fake spaghetti?
Punchline: An impasta.

Joke Setup: Why don't scientists trust atoms?
Punchline: Because they make up everything.

Joke Setup: What do you call a bear with no teeth?
Punchline: A gummy bear.

Joke Setup: Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants?
Punchline: In case he got a hole in one.

Joke Setup: Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself?
Punchline: It was two-tired.

Joke Setup: What do you call a sleeping bull?
Punchline: A bulldozer.

Joke Setup: What do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire?
Punchline: Frostbite.

Joke Setup: Why did the tomato turn red?
Punchline: Because it saw the salad dressing.

Joke Setup: Why don't eggs tell jokes?
Punchline: They'd crack each other up.

Joke Setup: What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary?
Punchline: A thesaurus.

Joke Setup: How do you catch a squirrel?
Punchline: Climb a tree and act like a nut.

Joke Setup: What do you call a pile of cats?
Punchline: A meowtain.

Joke Setup: Why did the math book look sad?
Punchline: Because it had too many problems.

Joke Setup: What has ears but cannot hear?
Punchline: A cornfield.

Joke Setup: What do you call a boomerang that won’t come back?
Punchline: A stick.

Joke Setup: Why did the scarecrow win an award?
Punchline: Because he was outstanding in his field.

Joke Setup: What kind of tree fits in your hand?
Punchline: A palm tree.

Joke Setup: Why couldn't the leopard play hide and seek?
Punchline: Because he was always spotted.

Joke Setup: What gets wetter the more it dries?
Punchline: A towel.

Joke Setup: Why do bees have sticky hair?
Punchline: Because they use honeycombs.

Joke Setup: What do you call a lazy kangaroo?
Punchline: A pouch potato.

Joke Setup: Why don't skeletons fight each other?
Punchline: They don't have the guts.

Joke Setup: What do you call a snowman with a six-pack?
Punchline: An abdominal snowman.

Joke Setup: Why don't some couples go to the gym?
Punchline: Because some relationships don't work out.

Joke Setup: What do you call a computer floating in the ocean?
Punchline: A Dell Rolling in the Deep.

Joke Setup: Why don't ants get sick?
Punchline: Because they have little ant bodies.

Joke Setup: What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down?
Punchline: It gets toad away.

Joke Setup: What do you call an academically successful slice of bread?
Punchline: An honor roll.

Joke Setup: Why did the bicycle fall over in the art gallery?
Punchline: It couldn't handle the frames.

Joke Setup: What kind of key opens a banana?
Punchline: A monkey.

Joke Setup: Why did the sun go to school?
Punchline: To get a little brighter.

Joke Setup: Why did the soccer ball start a blog?
Punchline: To get its kicks online.

Joke Setup: What did the calculator say to the math student?
Punchline: You can count on me.

Joke Setup: Why was the computer cold?
Punchline: It left its Windows open.

Joke Setup: What do you give a dog that graduates from a university?
Punchline: A pet degree.

Joke Setup: Why was the belt arrested?
Punchline: For holding up a pair of pants.

Joke Setup: What kind of music do planets like?
Punchline: Neptunes.

Joke Setup: What's orange and sounds like a parrot?
Punchline: A carrot.

Joke Setup: Why did the cookie go to the doctor?
Punchline: It felt crummy.

Joke Setup: What do you call a sheep that does karate?
Punchline: A lamb chop.

Joke Setup: How does the ocean say hello?
Punchline: It waves.

Joke Setup: Why was the broom late?
Punchline: It over swept.

Joke Setup: Why did the melon jump into the lake?
Punchline: It wanted to be a water melon.

Joke Setup: Why did the yogurt go to the art exhibit?
Punchline: Because it was cultured.

Joke Setup: Why don't sharks eat clowns?
Punchline: They taste funny.

Joke Setup: What do you call a bear caught in the rain?
Punchline: A drizzly bear.

Joke Setup: Why do seagulls fly over the sea?
Punchline: Because if they flew over the bay, they would be bagels.

Joke Setup: What is an astronaut's favorite part on a computer?
Punchline: The space bar.

Joke Setup: Why do cows have hooves instead of feet?
Punchline: They lactose.

Joke Setup: Why did the man run around his bed?
Punchline: To catch up on his sleep.

Joke Setup: Why do we tell actors to "break a leg"?
Punchline: Because every play has a cast.

Joke Setup: What do you call a dinosaur that never gives up?
Punchline: Try try try triceratops.

Joke Setup: How do mountains stay warm in winter?
Punchline: Snowcaps.

Joke Setup: Why was the belt so good at karate?
Punchline: Because it was a black belt.

Joke Setup: How do astronauts organize a party?
Punchline: They planet.

Joke Setup: Why did the bicycle fall over in the library?
Punchline: It was two tired of reading.

Joke Setup: What's a vampire's favorite fruit?
Punchline: A blood orange.

Joke Setup: What did one elevator say to the other elevator?
Punchline: I think I'm coming down with something.

Joke Setup: What do you get when you mix a cat and a lemon?
Punchline: A sour puss.

Joke Setup: What kind of bird always forgets the words to songs?
Punchline: A hummingbird.

Joke Setup: What did the left eye say to the right eye?
Punchline: Between you and me, something smells.

Joke Setup: Why can't your nose be 12 inches long?
Punchline: Because then it would be a foot.

Joke Setup: How do you fix a broken pumpkin?
Punchline: With a pumpkin patch.

Joke Setup: What has keys but can't open locks?
Punchline: A piano.

Joke Setup: What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?
Punchline: Supplies

Joke Setup: Why did the smartphone go to school?
Punchline: To get a little smarter.

Joke Setup: How do you make holy water?
Punchline: You boil the hell out of it.

Joke Setup: What do ghosts serve for dessert?
Punchline: I scream.

Joke Setup: Why don't skeletons watch horror movies?
Punchline: They don't have the stomach for it.

Joke Setup: What musical instrument is found in the bathroom?
Punchline: A tuba toothpaste.

Joke Setup: What do you call a fish wearing a crown?
Punchline: A kingfish.

Joke Setup: Why did the lion eat the tightrope walker?
Punchline: He wanted a well balanced meal.

Joke Setup: Why did the picture go to jail?
Punchline: Because it was framed.

Joke Setup: What is the best way to communicate with a fish?
Punchline: Drop it a line.

Joke Setup: What do you call a dinosaur that is sleeping?
Punchline: A dino snore.

Joke Setup: Why did the broom join a band?
Punchline: Because it had great sweeping melodies.

Joke Setup: What’s a book’s favorite food?
Punchline: A sandwich with a good plot.

Joke Setup: What does a cloud wear to look fancy?
Punchline: A rainbow tie.

Joke Setup: Why did the student eat his homework?
Punchline: The teacher said it was a piece of cake.

Joke Setup: What's red and smells like blue paint?
Punchline: Red paint.

Joke Setup: Why did the tree go to school?
Punchline: To get to the root of the problem.

Joke Setup: What did the coffee say to the sugar?
Punchline: Without you, I'm bitter.

Joke Setup: Why don't animals play cards in the wild?
Punchline: Because there are too many cheetahs.

Joke Setup: Why did the lemon stop rolling down the hill?
Punchline: It ran out of juice.

Joke Setup: How did the moon cut his hair?
Punchline: Eclipse it.

Joke Setup: Why did the picture go to school?
Punchline: It wanted to be well drawn.

Joke Setup: What do you call a wizard from outer space?
Punchline: A flying sorcerer.

Joke Setup: What’s a cat’s favorite magazine?
Punchline: Good Mousekeeping.

Joke Setup: What’s a ghost’s favorite fruit?
Punchline: Boo berries.

Joke Setup: Why did the traffic light turn red?
Punchline: You would too if you had to change in the middle of the street.

Joke Setup: What do you call a famous fish?
Punchline: A starfish.

Joke Setup: How do you organize a space party?
Punchline: You planet early.

Joke Setup: What do you call a well-dressed lion?
Punchline: A dandy lion.

Joke Setup: Why did the calendar look so sad?
Punchline: Because its days were always numbered.

Joke Setup: What’s a skeleton’s favorite musical instrument?
Punchline: The trombone.

Joke Setup: What kind of bird is always out of breath?
Punchline: A puffin.

Joke Setup: What do you call an old snowman?
Punchline: Water.

Joke Setup: Why do computers make terrible boxers?
Punchline: They always throw in the towel after a few bytes.

Joke Setup: Why did the soccer player bring string to the game?
Punchline: To tie the score.

Joke Setup: What do you call a duck that loves making jokes?
Punchline: A wisecracker.

Joke Setup: Why do pandas like old movies?
Punchline: Because they are in black and white.

Joke Setup: What’s the most musical part of a turkey?
Punchline: The drumsticks.

Joke Setup: How does a penguin build its house?
Punchline: Igloos it together.

Joke Setup: What’s a ghost’s favorite seat in a car?
Punchline: The booster seat.

Joke Setup: Why don't sharks like fast food?
Punchline: It's too hard to catch.

Joke Setup: What game do little spiders love to play?
Punchline: Web tag.

Joke Setup: How do trees get online?
Punchline: They log in.

Joke Setup: What did the zero say to the eight?
Punchline: Nice belt.

Joke Setup: What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards?
Punchline: A receding hare line.

Joke Setup: What do you call an ant who loves to dance?
Punchline: A jitterbug.

Joke Setup: What did the lamp say to the switch?
Punchline: You turn me on.

Joke Setup: How do you make an orange laugh?
Punchline: You tell it a peel-good joke.

Joke Setup: What do you call a duck that steals?
Punchline: A robber ducky.

Joke Setup: What did the digital clock say to its mother?
Punchline: Look Ma. No hands.

Joke Setup: What does a clock do when it's hungry?
Punchline: It goes back four seconds.

Joke Setup: Why don't eggs tell each other secrets?
Punchline: They might crack up.

Joke Setup: What do you call a book club that's been stuck on the same book for months?
Punchline: A slow readers club.

Joke Setup: Why did the spider get a job?
Punchline: It was great at web design.

Joke Setup: What do you call a rabbit with fleas?
Punchline: Bugs Bunny.

Joke Setup: Why was the cat sitting on the computer?
Punchline: It wanted to keep an eye on the mouse.

Joke Setup: What do clouds do when they become rich?
Punchline: They make it rain.

Joke Setup: Why are robots never afraid?
Punchline: They have nerves of steel.

Joke Setup: Where do you imprison a skeleton?
Punchline: In a rib cage.

Joke Setup: Why didn't the bread win the race?
Punchline: It kept loafing around.

Joke Setup: What did the tree say to autumn?
Punchline: Leaf me alone.

Joke Setup: Why do some cows wear bells?
Punchline: Their horns don’t work.

Joke Setup: How does a cucumber become a pickle?
Punchline: It goes through a jarring experience.

Joke Setup: What kind of music do balloons hate?
Punchline: Pop music.

Joke Setup: Why did the bicycle start a blog?
Punchline: To share its cycle logical thoughts.

Joke Setup: What exercise do lazy people do?
Punchline: Diddly squats.

Joke Setup: Why don't oysters share their pearls?
Punchline: Because they are shellfish.

Joke Setup: What do you get when you cross a snowman and a dog?
Punchline: Frosty paws.

Joke Setup: What’s a scarecrow's favorite fruit?
Punchline: Straw berries.

Joke Setup: Where do cows go on vacation?
Punchline: Moo York City.

Joke Setup: Why couldn't the teddy bear finish its dinner?
Punchline: It was already stuffed.

Joke Setup: What did one wall say to the other wall?
Punchline: I will meet you at the corner.

Joke Setup: Why was the broom always late?
Punchline: It swept in.

Joke Setup: What concert costs just 45 cents?
Punchline: Fifty Cent featuring Nickelback.

Joke Setup: How does a cucumber feel after a bad day?
Punchline: Pickled.

Joke Setup: What did the full glass say to the empty glass?
Punchline: You look drained.

Joke Setup: What do you call a bear with no socks on?
Punchline: Barefoot.

Joke Setup: What do basketball players read in their downtime?
Punchline: Dribble.

Joke Setup: How does a lemon ask for a hug?
Punchline: Can I have a squeeze?

Joke Setup: Why did the rubber band go to school?
Punchline: To learn to stretch his mind.

Joke Setup: Why don't mummies take vacations?
Punchline: They are too afraid to unwind.

Joke Setup: What kind of shoes do frogs prefer?
Punchline: Open toad sandals.

Joke Setup: How do you throw a party in outer space?
Punchline: You comet to it happening.

Joke Setup: What do you call a witch who lives at the beach?
Punchline: A sandwitch.

Joke Setup: What did one elevator say to the other elevator?
Punchline: I think you're uplifting.

Joke Setup: What game do elephants love to play?
Punchline: Squash.

Joke Setup: What did the detective duck say to his partner?
Punchline: Let us quack this case.

Joke Setup: Why don't skeletons go trick or treating?
Punchline: They have no body to go with.

Joke Setup: What do you call a fashionable lawn statue with an excellent sense of rhythm?
Punchline: A metronome.

Joke Setup: Why do giraffes have such long necks?
Punchline: Because their feet stink.

Joke Setup: What did the hat say to the scarf?
Punchline: You hang around, and I’ll go on ahead.

Joke Setup: Why are spiders so smart?
Punchline: They can find everything on the web.

Joke Setup: Why are elevator jokes so good?
Punchline: They work on many levels.

Joke Setup: Why was the computer so good at tennis?
Punchline: Because it had a hard drive.

Joke Setup: What is a ghost's favorite type of street?
Punchline: A dead end.

Joke Setup: What did the grape say when it got stepped on?
Punchline: Nothing, it just let out a little wine.

Joke Setup: What do chickens grow on their farm?
Punchline: Eggplants.

Joke Setup: What's a banana's favorite gymnastics move?
Punchline: The splits.

Joke Setup: How do you put a baby to sleep?
Punchline: You rocket.

Joke Setup: Why do basketball players love doughnuts?
Punchline: Because they can dunk them.

Joke Setup: What did the fish say when it swam into a wall?
Punchline: Dam

Joke Setup: How do you make a lemon drop?
Punchline: Just let it fall.

Joke Setup: What do you call a dinosaur that knows a lot of words?
Punchline: A thesaurus Rex.

Joke Setup: Why are spiders great web developers?
Punchline: They are always on the web.

Joke Setup: What do you call a can opener that doesn't work?
Punchline: A can't opener.

Joke Setup: What do you call an artist who sculpts with ice cream?
Punchline: A sundae sculptor.

Joke Setup: What's orange and sounds like a parrot?
Punchline: A carrot.

Joke Setup: How do you know when the moon has had enough to eat?
Punchline: When it is full.

Joke Setup: Did you hear about the fire at the circus?
Punchline: It was in tents.

Joke Setup: What did the pencil say to the paper?
Punchline: Write on.

Joke Setup: Why did the coffee file a police report?
Punchline: It got mugged.

Joke Setup: Why did the music note go to school?
Punchline: It wanted to improve its scores.

Joke Setup: How do baseball players stay cool? 
Punchline: They sit next to their fans.

Joke Setup: What kind of shoes do mice wear?
Punchline: Squeakers.

Joke Setup: What goes "Tick-Tock, woof-woof"?
Punchline: A watchdog.

Joke Setup: What do you call a bear that never wants to grow up?
Punchline: Peter Panda.

Joke Setup: How do rabbits travel?
Punchline: By hare planes.

Joke Setup: Why did the candle quit the job?
Punchline: Because it felt burned out.

Joke Setup: What do you get when you pick a pig's nose?
Punchline: Ham boogers.

Joke Setup: What does a cloud wear to keep its hair in place?
Punchline: A rainbow.

Joke Setup: What kind of dessert does a ghost like?
Punchline: I scream.

Joke Setup: Why couldn't the bicycle find its way home?
Punchline: It lost its bearings.

Joke Setup: Why do chickens make terrible detectives?
Punchline: They always foul up the case.

Joke Setup: What did the evaporating raindrop say?
Punchline: I'm going to mist.

Joke Setup: Why don't elephants use computers?
Punchline: They're afraid of the mouse.

Joke Setup: What's a robot's favorite snack?
Punchline: Computer chips.

Joke Setup: How do snails fight?
Punchline: They slug it out.

Joke Setup: Why did the citrus fruit get into an argument?
Punchline: It had a strong zest for conflict.

Joke Setup: How does a fish always know how much they weigh?
Punchline: They have their own scales!

Joke Setup: Why don’t paper jokes fare well?
Punchline: They always fold under pressure.

Joke Setup: What's an astronaut’s favorite candy?
Punchline: A Mars bar.

Joke Setup: Which superhero hits home runs?
Punchline: Batman.

Joke Setup: What do you call a Bee who is having a bad hair day?
Punchline: A Frisbee.

Joke Setup: How do construction workers party?
Punchline: They raise the roof.

Joke Setup: How do moths swim?
Punchline: Using the butterfly stroke.

Joke Setup: Why did the baker become a successful accountant?
Punchline: He knew his dough.

Joke Setup: What do you call an avocado that’s been blessed by the pope?
Punchline: Holy Guacamole.

Joke Setup: How do you catch an entire school of fish?
Punchline: With bookworms.
