a funny thing happened on the way to the - "A funny thing happened on the way to the store."
a lot of it has to do with the - "A lot of it has to do with the weather."
according to a person with knowledge of the situation - "According to a person with knowledge of the situation, it is under control."
according to a source with knowledge of the situation - "According to a source with knowledge of the situation, the plan is under way."
agree to be bound by the terms of this - "You must agree to be bound by the terms of this contract."
all good things must come to an end and - "All good things must come to an end and so has our journey."
all you have to do is look at the - "All you have to do is look at the sky."
and held onto them with the hopes that they - "And held onto them with the hopes that they would grow."
and the only way to do that is to - "And the only way to do that is to practice."
ask not what your country can do for you - "Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country."
be in the right place at the right time - "To win, you must be in the right place at the right time."
be the change we wish to see in the - "Be the change we wish to see in the world."
before you go why not check out some of - "Before you go why not check out some of our new books?"
being in the right place at the right time - "Being in the right place at the right time matters."
breakfast is the most important meal of the day - "Breakfast is the most important meal of the day."
but the fact of the matter is that the - "But the fact of the matter is that the plan failed."
but there is still a long way to go - "But there is still a long way to go before victory."
but we still have a long way to go - "But we still have a long way to go in research."
day of christmas my true love gave to me - "Day of Christmas my true love gave to me a partridge in a pear tree."
did you know you can support the nation by - "Did you know you can support the nation by voting?"
do unto others as you would have them do - "Do unto others as you would have them do unto you."
do you have an average price or a range - "Do you have an average price or a range for this product?"
do you have an idea in mind that would - "Do you have an idea in mind that would help?"
doing the same thing over and over again and - "Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results is insanity."
for the first time in more than a decade - "For the first time in more than a decade, we have peace."
for the first time in the history of the - "For the first time in the history of the school, we won."
government of the people by the people for the - "Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth."
help us be the change we wish to see - "Help us be the change we wish to see in the world."
here are some of our top picks for the - "Here are some of our top picks for the summer."
i can count on one hand the number of - "I can count on one hand the number of times I have been wrong."
i hate to be the bearer of bad news - "I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but it is necessary."
i hope you can see your way clear to - "I hope you can see your way clear to understanding the problem."
i thought it would be a good idea to - "I thought it would be a good idea to start early."
i want to thank you for being with us - "I want to thank you for being with us today."
i would go so far as to say that - "I would go so far as to say that it is perfect."
if i had to do it all over again - "If I had to do it all over again, I would."
if it sounds too good to be true it - "If it sounds too good to be true, it often is."
if you answered yes to any of these questions - "If you answered yes to any of these questions, read on."
in the name of the father and of the - "In the name of the father and of the son."
it is difficult to get a man to understand - "It is difficult to get a man to understand something against his will."
it is important not to read too much into - "It is important not to read too much into small details."
it is only a matter of time before the - "It is only a matter of time before the solution is found."
it seemed like a good idea at the time - "It seemed like a good idea at the time."
it was only a matter of time before the - "It was only a matter of time before the truth came out."
its not out of the realm of possibility that - "It is not out of the realm of possibility that it could happen."
keep up to date with all the latest news - "Keep up to date with all the latest news here."
land of the free and the home of the - "Land of the free and the home of the brave."
learn to walk in the fullness of your purpose - "Learn to walk in the fullness of your purpose and potential."
let me be as clear as i can be - "Let me be as clear as I can be about this."
let me know what you think in the comments - "Let me know what you think in the comments below."
let the perfect be the enemy of the good - "Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good."
let us know what you think in the comments - "Let us know what you think in the comments section."
let us know your thoughts in the comments below - "Let us know your thoughts in the comments below."
love the lord your god with all your heart - "Love the Lord your God with all your heart and soul."
no idea who this is never heard of them - "I have no idea who this is, never heard of them before."
no one is born hating another person because of - "No one is born hating another person because of their ethnicity."
not to put too fine a point on it - "Not to put too fine a point on it, but it is crucial to our success."
now is as good a time as any to - "Now is as good a time as any to start."
of the father and of the son and of - "Of the father, and of the son, and of the holy spirit."
of the people by the people and for the - "This law is of the people, by the people, and for the people."
of the people by the people for the people - "The government is of the people, by the people, for the people."
one small step for man one giant leap for - "It is one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind."
out of the frying pan and into the fire - "We went out of the frying pan and into the fire."
out with the old and in with the new - "Every year, it is out with the old and in with the new."
put the ball in the back of the net - "He managed to put the ball in the back of the net."
right of the people to keep and bear arms - "The right of the people to keep and bear arms is protected."
so it should come as no surprise that the - "So it should come as no surprise that the project was a success."
sounds too good to be true it probably is - "If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is."
thank you for taking the time to read this - "Thank you for taking the time to read this message."
thank you so much for taking the time to - "Thank you so much for taking the time to help."
that no deal is better than a bad deal - "He believes that no deal is better than a bad deal."
the change we wish to see in the world - "Be the change we wish to see in the world."
the end of the world as we know it - "This is the end of the world as we know it."
the full faith and credit of the united states - "This is backed by the full faith and credit of the United States."
the land of the free and the home of - "This is the land of the free and the home of the brave."
the long and the short of it is that - "The long and the short of it is that we must act now."
the more i think about it the more i - "The more I think about it, the more I understand."
the more i thought about it the more i - "The more I thought about it, the more I agreed."
the more things change the more they stay the - "The more things change, the more they stay the same."
the only thing we have to fear is fear - "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself."
the tree of the knowledge of good and evil - "The tree of the knowledge of good and evil is in the Bible."
the truth the whole truth and nothing but the - "I swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth."
there are a lot of people out there who - "There are a lot of people out there who care."
there are only so many hours in the day - "There are only so many hours in the day to work."
there is no doubt in my mind that the - "There is no doubt in my mind that the plan will succeed."
there is no such thing as a free lunch - "There is no such thing as a free lunch in this world."
there is still a lot of work to be - "There is still a lot of work to be done."
there is still a lot of work to do - "There is still a lot of work to do on the project."
theres more than one way to skin a cat - "There is more than one way to solve a problem."
this guy looks like hes up to no good - "This guy seems like he is causing trouble."
to be in the right place at the right - "He managed to be in the right place at the right time."
to be the next president of the united states - "She aims to be the next president of the United States."
to the best of our knowledge this is the - "To the best of our knowledge, this is the truth."
to the left and to the right of the - "To the left and to the right of the tree, there were flowers."
until such time as the world comes to its - "Until such time as the world comes to its senses, we wait."
want to get a head start on your day - "I want to get a head start on my day."
want to thank you very much for being with - "I want to thank you very much for being with me."
was in the right place at the right time - "He was in the right place at the right time."
was in the wrong place at the wrong time - "She was in the wrong place at the wrong time."
we have met the enemy and he is us - "We have met the enemy, and he is us."
we hold these truths to be selfevident that all - "We hold these truths to be self evident that all are equal."
we see a lot of money pouring in from - "We see a lot of money pouring in from donations."
we still have a lot of work to do - "We still have a lot of work to do."
we want to hear what you think about this - "We want to hear what you think about this plan."
we want to thank you for being with us - "We want to thank you for being with us today."
what does any of this have to do with - "What does any of this have to do with the issue at hand?"
who asked that his last name not be used - "He asked that his last name not be used."
will always have a special place in my heart - "You will always have a special place in my heart."
will go down in history as one of the - "This event will go down in history as one of the most important."
with that in mind, let's take a look at - "Considering this, let's examine the following."
years in prison and a fine of up to - "He faced ten years in prison and a fine of up to 5000 dollars."
you cant have your cake and eat it too - "You can't have your cake and eat it too."