a drop in the bucket compared to - "This is just a drop in the bucket compared to the whole project."
a get out of jail free card - "This ticket is like a get out of jail free card."
a good thing or a bad thing - "Is this a good thing or a bad thing?"
a lot of it has to do - "A lot of it has to do with luck."
a lot of work to be done - "There is a lot of work to be done."
a picture is worth a thousand words - "They say a picture is worth a thousand words."
a solution in search of a problem - "It is a solution in search of a problem."
about a year and a half ago - "I moved here about a year and a half ago."
according to a new report from the - "According to a new report from the agency, she will be fine."
according to a person familiar with the - "According to a person familiar with the matter, they survived"
according to people familiar with the matter - "According to people familiar with the matter, it is true."
all good things must come to an - "All good things must come to an end."
and dont even get me started on - "And don't even get me started on the matter."
and let us know what you think - "And let us know what you think about it."
and the list goes on and on - "And the list goes on and on."
anyone with information is asked to call - "Anyone with information is asked to call the police."
are two sides of the same coin - "They are two sides of the same coin."
as far as i can tell the - "As far as I can tell, the story is true."
as far as the eye can see - "It is fields as far as the eye can see."
as good a time as any to - "Now is as good a time as any to start."
as well as a number of other - "This includes apples as well as a number of other fruits."
as you can see in the video - "As you can see in the video, the event was crowded."
at some point in the near future - "We should meet at some point in the near future."
at the top of the list of - "Safety is at the top of the list of priorities."
be taken with a grain of salt - "It should be taken with a grain of salt."
between a rock and a hard place - "I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place."
beyond a shadow of a doubt that - "I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that it's true."
but at the end of the day - "But at the end of the day, it is up to you."
but dont take my word for it - "But don't take my word for it, try it yourself."
but that doesnt change the fact that - "But that doesn't change the fact that it is wrong."
but that doesnt make it any less - "But that does not make it any less important."
compared to the same period last year - "Sales are up compared to the same period last year."
could not immediately be reached for comment - "They could not immediately be reached for comment."
depending on how you look at it - "It is a good deal, depending on how you look at it."
do as i say not as i - "Do as I say, not as I do."
do you want to learn how to - "Do you want to learn how to cook?"
doing the same thing over and over - "Doing the same thing over and over again is madness."
for as long as i can remember - "For as long as I can remember, they have lived there."
for the better part of a decade - "He has been studying for the better part of a decade."
for the first time in his career - "For the first time in his career, he won first place."
for the first time in more than - "For the first time in more than a year, we met."
for the first time in my life - "For the first time in my life, I felt truly happy."
for the second day in a row - "It rained for the second day in a row."
for the second week in a row - "He won for the second week in a row."
for the second year in a row - "Our team made the finals for the second year in a row."
for those of you who dont know - "For those of you who don't know, listen up."
from the point of view of the - "From the point of view of the customer, it is a good deal."
get from point a to point b - "I need to get from point A to point B quickly."
give him the benefit of the doubt - "Let us give him the benefit of the doubt."
greater than the sum of its parts - "Teamwork is greater than the sum of its parts."
had no idea what was going on - "She had no idea what was going on."
has been around for a long time - "This tradition has been around for a long time."
have a lot of work to do - "We have a lot of work to do here today."
have their work cut out for them - "They have their work cut out for them."
help us be the change we wish - "Your support will help us be the change we wish to see."
hours a day seven days a week - "I study for hours a day, seven days a week."
how did you come up with the - "How did you come up with the idea?"
i cant remember the last time i - "I can't remember the last time I laughed so hard."
i cant tell you how many times - "I can't tell you how many times I have tried."
i dont know about you but i - "I don't know about you but I love coffee."
i dont know the answer to that - "I don't know the answer to that question."
i dont know whats going to happen - "I don't know what is going to happen next."
i find it hard to believe that - "I find it hard to believe that it's already Friday."
i had no idea what i was - "I had no idea what I was signing up for."
i have come to the conclusion that - "I have come to the conclusion that patience is key."
i think its fair to say that - "I think it's fair to say that we tried our best."
i think its going to be a - "I think it's going to be a long day."
i think its safe to say that - "I think it is safe to say that we are lost."
i think we can all agree that - "I think we can all agree that it is a great idea."
i thought it was going to be - "I thought it was going to be difficult."
i want to make it clear that - "I want to make it clear that everyone is welcome."
if for no other reason than to - "Do it, if for no other reason than to learn."
if it aint broke dont fix it - "If it ain't broke, don't fix it."
if you build it they will come - "If you build it, they will come."
if you want to learn more about - "If you want to learn more about it, read this book."
in a very short period of time - "He learned it in a very short period of time."
in his state of the union address - "In his state of the union address, the president focused on healthcare."
in such a short period of time - "She achieved so much in such a short period of time."
in the days leading up to the - "In the days leading up to the event, we were very busy."
in the early hours of the morning - "In the early hours of the morning, the city is quiet."
in the first half of the year - "In the first half of the year, we saw great progress."
in the first quarter of this year - "In the first quarter of this year, sales increased."
in the first round of the playoffs - "Our team won in the first round of the playoffs."
in the middle of the night and - "He woke up in the middle of the night and could not go back to sleep."
in the months and years to come - "We will see changes in the months and years to come."
in the second half of the season - "The team improved in the second half of the season."
in the us and around the world - "This issue affects people in the US and around the world."
in the weeks leading up to the - "In the weeks leading up to the wedding, we were very busy."
is a step in the right direction - "This decision is a step in the right direction."
is considered by many to be the - "He is considered by many to be the best in his field."
is considered to be one of the - "This is considered to be one of the best."
is expected to make a full recovery - "He is expected to make a full recovery."
is free and open to the public - "The park is free and open to the public."
is in the best interest of the - "It is in the best interest of the community to work together."
is in the eye of the beholder - "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder."
is just the tip of the iceberg - "This problem is just the tip of the iceberg."
is not for the faint of heart - "This movie is not for the faint of heart."
is not to be confused with the - "This is not to be confused with the older model."
is the latest in a series of - "This book is the latest in a series of adventures."
is without a doubt one of the - "This is without a doubt one of the best days."
it doesnt have to be this way - "It does not have to be this way, we can change it."
it has nothing to do with the - "It has nothing to do with the price."
it is important to note that the - "It is important to note that the meeting starts at ten."
it is with a heavy heart that - "It is with a heavy heart that I say goodbye."
it remains to be seen whether the - "It remains to be seen whether the plan will work."
it should also be noted that the - "It should also be noted that the park closes at sunset."
it should come as no surprise that - "It should come as no surprise that he won."
it took me a long time to - "It took me a long time to finish the book."
it was only a matter of time - "It was only a matter of time before they arrived."
it was the right thing to do - "Helping him was the right thing to do."
it will be interesting to see how - "It will be interesting to see how this develops."
it will be very interesting to see - "It will be very interesting to see the results."
it would be a good idea to - "It would be a good idea to study first."
it would be nice to have a - "It would be nice to have a day off."
its only a matter of time before - "It is only a matter of time before we succeed."
keep an eye out for an email - "Keep an eye out for an email from me."
let me know if you have any - "Let me know if you have any questions."
let the cat out of the bag - "I accidentally let the cat out of the bag."
let us know in the comments below - "Let us know in the comments below."
let us know your thoughts in the - "Let us know your thoughts in the survey."
lets get this out of the way - "Let us get this out of the way first."
may not be in its final form - "This report may not be in its final form."
need to do a better job of - "We need to do a better job of organizing."
none of this is to say that - "None of this is to say that it is easy."
not that theres anything wrong with that - "Not that there is anything wrong with that choice."
nothing could be further from the truth - "Nothing could be further from the truth."
on both the left and the right - "It affects people on both the left and the right."
on the final day of the season - "On the final day of the season, we won."
on the other end of the spectrum - "On the other end of the spectrum, opinions vary."
on the other side of the world - "She lives on the other side of the world."
on the right hand side of the - "The book is on the right hand side of the shelf."
once upon a time there was a - "Once upon a time there was a king."
once you get the hang of it - "Once you get the hang of it, it is easy."
one of the best players in the - "He is one of the best players in the nation."
or whatever you want to call it - "Call it fate or whatever you want to call it."
our thoughts and prayers are with the - "Our thoughts and prayers are with the family."
out of sight and out of mind - "Out of sight and out of mind."
out of the corner of my eye - "I saw it out of the corner of my eye."
over the course of the next few - "Over the course of the next few days, we will decide."
put your money where your mouth is - "It is time to put your money where your mouth is."
since the end of world war ii - "Many things have changed since the end of World War II."
so you dont have to worry about - "I will handle it so you don't have to worry about it."
some of the biggest names in the - "Some of the biggest names in the industry will attend."
still has a long way to go - "He still has a long way to go in his career."
still have a long way to go - "We still have a long way to go to reach our goal."
take a look at some of the - "Take a look at some of the pictures."
take a step back and look at - "Take a step back and look at the problem."
taken on a life of its own - "The story has taken on a life of its own."
thank you for taking the time to - "Thank you for taking the time to help."
the aim of this study was to - "The aim of this study was to understand the problem."
the amount of time it takes to - "The amount of time it takes to cook varies."
the best thing that ever happened to - "The best thing that ever happened to me was meeting you."
the best thing to do is to - "The best thing to do is to stay calm."
the best thing you can do is - "The best thing you can do is try your best."
the fact of the matter is that - "The fact of the matter is that it i's too late."
the first country in the world to - "It was the first country in the world to ban it."
the first of its kind in the - "This is the first of its kind in the nation."
the first thing that comes to mind - "The first thing that comes to mind is home."
the first three months of the year - "The first three months of the year are the busiest."
the full faith and credit of the - "The full faith and credit of the government is essential."
the good the bad and the ugly - "In life, we face the good, the bad, and the ugly."
the last thing i want to do - "The last thing I want to do is argue."
the last thing you want to do - "The last thing you want to do is give up."
the latest in a long line of - "This model is the latest in a long line of innovations."
the more things change the more they - "The more things change, the more they stay the same."
the most powerful man in the world - "He was once considered the most powerful man in the world."
the next president of the united states - "The next President of the United States faces many challenges."
the public has a right to know - "The public has a right to know the truth."
the reason for this is that the - "The reason for this is that the rules changed."
the right place at the right time - "He was in the right place at the right time."
the right to keep and bear arms - "The right to keep and bear arms is debated."
the rock and roll hall of fame - "The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame celebrates music history."
the same can not be said for - "The same cannot be said for their rivals."
the same thing over and over again - "Doing the same thing over and over again is tedious."
the straw that broke the camels back - "This issue was the straw that broke the camel's back."
the world would be a better place - "The world would be a better place with more kindness."
the wrong place at the wrong time - "He was just in the wrong place at the wrong time."
there are a lot of people who - "There are a lot of people who care about you."
there are a number of ways to - "There are a number of ways to solve this problem."
there can be no doubt that the - "There can be no doubt that the event was successful."
there has been a lot of talk - "There has been a lot of talk about reform."
there is more than one way to - "There is more than one way to cook an egg."
there is no doubt in my mind - "There is no doubt in my mind about his innocence."
there is no evidence to suggest that - "There is no evidence to suggest that he lied."
there is no reason to believe that - "There is no reason to believe that the plan will fail."
there is no such thing as a - "There is no such thing as a perfect plan."
there is something to be said for - "There is something to be said for tradition."
there was no way i was going - "There was no way I was going to miss it."
theres going to be a lot of - "There is going to be a lot of excitement at the event."
theres never been a better time to - "There has never been a better time to start learning."
theres nothing you can do about it - "There is nothing you can do about it now."
these are just a few of the - "These are just a few of the options available."
this is due to the fact that - "This is due to the fact that the store is closed."
this is not the first time that - "This is not the first time that we have met."
this is not to say that the - "This is not to say that the plan is perfect."
this is one of the reasons why - "This is one of the reasons why I love reading."
this is the kind of thing that - "This is the kind of thing that makes me happy."
to come up with a way to - "We need to come up with a way to solve this."
to do it in a way that - "To do it in a way that everyone agrees is tough."
to draw a line in the sand - "Sometimes, you have to draw a line in the sand."
to err on the side of caution - "It is better to err on the side of caution."
to get the most out of the - "To get the most out of the day, start early."
to get the most out of your - "To get the most out of your vacation, plan ahead."
to get to the bottom of the - "We need to get to the bottom of the mystery."
to get to the bottom of this - "Let us get to the bottom of this issue."
to give you an idea of how - "To give you an idea of how big it is, imagine the size of the sun"
to go back to the drawing board - "It is time to go back to the drawing board."
to make it as easy as possible - "We aim to make it as easy as possible for you."
to make it easier for people to - "To make it easier for people to understand, simplify."
to make the world a better place - "We all want to make the world a better place."
to spend more time with his family - "He decided to spend more time with his family."
to take a closer look at the - "Let us take a closer look at the data."
to take it to the next level - "We are ready to take it to the next level."
to take matters into their own hands - "Sometimes you have to take matters into your own hands."
to the fullest extent of the law - "Punishable to the fullest extent of the law."
took on a life of its own - "The project took on a life of its own."
up in the middle of the night - "I woke up in the middle of the night."
want to get a head start on - "I want to get a head start on my work."
want to thank you for being with - "I want to thank you for being with us today."
we are in the midst of a - "We are in the midst of a big change."
we are not in a position to - "We are not in a position to help."
we have to find a way to - "We have to find a way to fix it."
we want to hear what you think - "We want to hear what you think about it."
we will do everything we can to - "We will do everything we can to help."
well just have to wait and see - "Well, we will just have to wait and see."
went on to become one of the - "He went on to become one of the best."
were it not for the fact that - "Were it not for the fact that it rained, we would have won."
were not going to be able to - "We were not going to be able to attend."
what can only be described as a - "It was what can only be described as a miracle."
what do you want me to do - "What do you want me to do about it now?"
what does it mean to be a - "What does it mean to be a leader?"
what does this have to do with - "What does this have to do with me?"
what i can tell you is that - "What I can tell you is that it is true."
what we do know is that the - "What we do know is that the plan will work."
what you see is what you get - "What you see is what you get."
when was the last time you saw - "When was the last time you saw him?"
who asked not to be named said - "Someone who asked not to be named said it is true."
who did not want to be named - "The person who did not want to be named spoke out."
who did not wish to be named - "The worker who did not wish to be named remained silent."
who was not involved in the study - "The expert who was not involved in the study commented on the results."
will be announced at a later date - "The results will be announced at a later date."
will go down as one of the - "This event will go down as one of the biggest failures."
with a little help from my friends - "With a little help from my friends, I succeeded."
work and no play makes jack a - "Work and no play makes Jack a dull boy."
world war i and world war ii - "World War I and World War II changed history."
would like to take this opportunity to - "I would like to take this opportunity to thank you."
would not have been possible without the - "It would not have been possible without the team's effort."
you cant always get what you want - "You can't always get what you want in life."
your guess is as good as mine - "Your guess is as good as mine."
youre not going to be able to - "You are not going to be able to do it alone."