a drop in the bucket compared to the - "It is just a drop in the bucket compared to the total."
a force to be reckoned with in the - "She is a force to be reckoned with in the business."
a funny thing happened on the way to - "A funny thing happened on the way to the store."
a lot of it has to do with - "A lot of it has to do with luck."
a lot of that has to do with - "A lot of that has to do with timing."
a margin of error of plus or minus - "There is a margin of error of plus or minus two percent."
according to a person with knowledge of the - "According to a person with knowledge of the plan."
all good things must come to an end - "All good things must come to an end eventually."
all you have to do is look at - "All you have to do is look at the facts."
always look on the bright side of life - "Always look on the bright side of life."
and dont even get me started on the - "And don't even get me started on the traffic."
and let the chips fall where they may - "And let the chips fall where they may."
and the rest as they say is history - "And the rest, as they say, is history."
and theres nothing you can do about it - "And there is nothing you can do about it."
ask not what your country can do for - "Ask not what your country can do for you."
at all hours of the day and night - "He works at all hours of the day and night."
be the change we wish to see in - "Be the change we wish to see in the world."
be the first of its kind in the - "This will be the first of its kind in the nation."
be the next president of the united states - "He aims to be the next president of the United States."
beauty is in the eye of the beholder - "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder."
became the first country in the world to - "They became the first country in the world to ban it."
because it was the right thing to do - "He helped her because it was the right thing to do."
but at the end of the day i - "But at the end of the day, I have to decide."
but at the end of the day it's - "But at the end of the day it is your decision."
but at the end of the day the - "But at the end of the day, the decision is yours."
but did not receive a response in time - "I asked, but did not receive a response in time."
but it doesnt have to be that way - "But it does not have to be that way."
but nothing could be further from the truth - "He seemed happy, but nothing could be further from the truth."
but that was then and this is now - "But that was then and this is now."
can count on one hand the number of - "I can count on one hand the number of times I have seen snow."
can mean the difference between life and death - "A quick response can mean the difference between life and death."
can you tell us a little bit about - "Can you tell us a little bit about your hometown?"
caught between a rock and a hard place - "She felt caught between a rock and a hard place."
could not have come at a better time - "Your help could not have come at a better time."
could not have come at a worse time - "The news could not have come at a worse time."
day of christmas my true love gave to - "On the first day of Christmas, my true love gave to me."
did not respond to a request for comment - "The company did not respond to a request for comment."
do as i say not as i do - "Do as I say, not as I do."
do not necessarily reflect the views of the - "These opinions do not necessarily reflect the views of the company."
do unto others as you would have them - "Always do unto others as you would have them do unto you."
doing the same thing over and over again - "Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting something different is insanity."
end of the world as we know it - "It felt like the end of the world as we know it."
expected to be completed by the end of - "The project is expected to be completed by the end of the year."
first they ignore you then they laugh at - "First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then you win."
for as long as i can remember i - "For as long as I can remember, I have loved reading."
for every action there is an equal and - "For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction."
for god so loved the world that he - "For God so loved the world that he gave His only son."
for reasons that have nothing to do with - "He left for reasons that have nothing to do with us."
for the first time in a long time - "For the first time in a long time, I felt happy."
for the first time in my life i - "For the first time in my life, I saw the ocean."
for the first time in the history of - "For the first time in the history of our school, we won the championship."
for the second year in a row the - "For the second year in a row, the team won the championship."
go down in history as one of the - "This day will go down in history as one of the most important."
going to go out on a limb and - "I'm going to go out on a limb and try something new."
has been a thorn in the side of - "This issue has been a thorn in the side of the community."
has been going on for a long time - "This problem has been going on for a long time."
has taken on a life of its own - "The story has taken on a life of its own."
have something to do with the fact that - "This may have something to do with the fact that it is raining."
have to go all the way back to - "We have to go all the way back to the beginning to understand this."
he is a good guy i hope you - "I hope you agree, he is a good guy."
help us be the change we wish to - "Help us be the change we wish to see."
here is a list of some of the - "Here is a list of some of the best books."
how did you come up with the idea - "How did you come up with the idea?"
how i learned to stop worrying and love - "How I learned to stop worrying and love life."
i can not for the life of me - "I cannot for the life of me remember."
i cant tell you how many times i - "I can't tell you how many times I tried."
i cant think of a better way to - "I can't think of a better way to explain it."
i dont know what im going to do - "I don't know what I'm going to do next."
i guess what im trying to say is - "I guess what I'm trying to say is, thank you."
i had no idea what i was doing - "I had no idea what I was doing."
i had no idea what was going on - "I had no idea what was going on."
i hate to break it to you but - "I hate to break it to you, but it is true."
i hope you can see your way clear - "I hope you can see your way clear to help."
i like to think of myself as a - "I like to think of myself as a learner."
i think it is fair to say that - "I think it is fair to say that it is true."
i think it is safe to say that - "I think it is safe to say that we agree."
i think the best compliment i can give - "I think the best compliment I can give is honesty."
i will do everything in my power to - "I will do everything in my power to help."
i would go so far as to say - "I would go so far as to say it is perfect."
i would like to take this opportunity to - "I would like to take this opportunity to thank you."
if you are interested in learning more about - "If you are interested in learning more about it, let me know."
if you have any questions feel free to - "If you have any questions, feel free to ask."
if you want to know more about the - "If you want to know more about the plan, read this."
if youre new here you may want to - "If you are new here, you may want to subscribe."
im going to do everything i can to - "I'm going to do everything I can to succeed."
im going to go out on a limb - "I'm going to go out on a limb here."
in the first six months of the year - "In the first six months of the year, sales increased."
in the first six months of this year - "In the first six months of this year, we grew."
in the first three months of the year - "In the first three months of the year, we saw improvement."
in the first three months of this year - "Sales increased in the first three months of this year."
in the oval office of the white house - "He met in the oval office of the White House."
in the right place at the right time - "She was in the right place at the right time."
in the same place at the same time - "We arrived in the same place at the same time."
in the united states and around the world - "This issue affects people in the United States and around the world."
in the wrong place at the wrong time - "He was in the wrong place at the wrong time."
in what can only be described as a - "They lived in what can only be described as a small house."
is a slap in the face to the - "This decision is a slap in the face to the community."
is a solution in search of a problem - "This idea is a solution in search of a problem."
is a step in the right direction but - "It is a step in the right direction but needs more work."
is as good a time as any to - "Now is as good a time as any to start."
is considered to be one of the most - "She is considered to be one of the most talented artists."
is greater than the sum of its parts - "The team is greater than the sum of its parts."
is in the final year of his contract - "He is in the final year of his contract."
is just the latest in a series of - "This event is just the latest in a series of unfortunate events."
is the first of its kind in the - "This technology is the first of its kind in the industry."
is the latest in a long line of - "This model is the latest in a long line of innovations."
it is also important to note that the - "It is also important to note that the situation is improving."
it is important to keep in mind that - "It is important to keep in mind that everyone is different."
it is only a matter of time before - "It is only a matter of time before we find a solution."
it is with a heavy heart that i - "It is with a heavy heart that I share this news."
it remains to be seen whether or not - "It remains to be seen whether or not the plan will work."
it should come as no surprise that the - "It should come as no surprise that the project was a success."
it took me a while to figure out - "It took me a while to figure out the solution."
it was only a matter of time before - "It was only a matter of time before they found out."
it was the best of times it was - "It was the best of times, it was the worst of times."
it will be interesting to see how the - "It will be interesting to see how the market reacts."
it will be interesting to see if the - "It will be interesting to see if the project succeeds."
it would be more accurate to say that - "It would be more accurate to say that it was a team effort."
its the most wonderful time of the year - "It is the most wonderful time of the year."
ive said it before and ill say it - "I have said it before, and I will say it again, thank you."
just the latest in a long line of - "Just the latest in a long line of events."
let me know if you have any questions - "Let me know if you have any questions."
let us know what you think in the - "Let us know what you think in the comments."
let us know your thoughts in the comments - "Please let us know your thoughts in the comments."
lets take a look at some of the - "Let us take a look at some of the pictures."
life in prison without the possibility of parole - "He faces life in prison without the possibility of parole."
much like rumors nothing is certain until its - "Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it is confirmed."
no deal is better than a bad deal - "No deal is better than a bad deal."
not to put too fine a point on - "Not to put too fine a point on it, but it is important."
now is as good a time as any - "Now is as good a time as any to start."
of the people by the people and for - "Of the people, by the people, and for the people."
of the people by the people for the - "Of the people, by the people, for the nation."
on the one hand and on the other - "On the one hand, it is costly, and on the other, it is necessary."
one of the best if not the best - "One of the best, if not the best, in class."
one of the richest men in the world - "He is one of the richest men in the world."
one of these things is not like the - "One of these things is not like the others."
or how i learned to stop worrying and - "Or how I learned to stop worrying and enjoy life."
our thoughts and prayers go out to the - "Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family."
out of the corner of my eye i - "Out of the corner of my eye, I saw it move."
out with the old in with the new - "Out with the old, in with the new."
put their lives on the line every day - "They put their lives on the line every day."
put your money where your mouth is and - "Put your money where your mouth is and prove it."
quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog - "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."
right of the people to keep and bear - "The right of the people to keep and bear arms."
seemed like a good idea at the time - "It seemed like a good idea at the time."
should be taken with a grain of salt - "It should be taken with a grain of salt."
so it should come as no surprise that - "So it should come as no surprise that it happened."
so long and thanks for all the fish - "So long, and thanks for all the fish."
so what does this have to do with - "So, what does this have to do with our topic?"
spend the rest of his life in prison - "He might spend the rest of his life in prison."
still have a lot of work to do - "We still have a lot of work to do."
stop me if youve heard this one before - "Stop me if you have heard this one before."
stuck between a rock and a hard place - "She felt stuck between a rock and a hard place."
take a step back and look at the - "Take a step back and look at the situation."
thank you from the bottom of my heart - "I thank you from the bottom of my heart."
that there is no such thing as a - "He said that there is no such thing as a ghost."
the ball in the back of the net - "He put the ball in the back of the net."
the best thing to do would be to - "The best thing to do would be to rest."
the best way to do that is to - "The best way to do that is to practice."
the enemy of my enemy is my friend - "The enemy of my enemy is my friend."
the fact of the matter is that the - "The fact of the matter is that the project is over budget."
the first thing that comes to mind is - "The first thing that comes to mind is her smile."
the first thing we need to do is - "The first thing we need to do is plan."
the first thing you need to do is - "The first thing you need to do is relax."
the first time something like this has happened - "It is the first time something like this has happened."
the full faith and credit of the united - "The full faith and credit of the United States is strong."
the gap between the rich and the poor - "The gap between the rich and the poor is growing."
the land of the free and the home - "America is the land of the free and the home of the brave."
the last thing you want to do is - "The last thing you want to do is give up."
the light at the end of the tunnel - "I see the light at the end of the tunnel."
the list goes on and on and on - "The list goes on and on and on."
the long and short of it is that - "The long and short of it is that we won."
the more i think about it the more - "The more I think about it, the more I understand."
the more i thought about it the more - "The more I thought about it, the more I agreed."
the more things change the more they stay - "The more things change, the more they stay the same."
the only thing we have to fear is - "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself."
the only way to do that is to - "The only way to do that is to try."
the president of the united states of america - "The President of the United States of America spoke today."
the road to hell is paved with good - "The road to hell is paved with good intentions."
the same can not be said for the - "The same can not be said for the old car."
the whole truth and nothing but the truth - "He promised the whole truth and nothing but the truth."
the world would be a better place if - "The world would be a better place if everyone cared."
there are a lot of people out there - "There are a lot of people out there who need help."
there are a lot of people who are - "There are a lot of people who are kind."
there are a number of reasons for this - "There are a number of reasons for this change."
there are going to be a lot of - "There are going to be a lot of stars tonight."
there has been a lot of talk about - "There has been a lot of talk about the new law."
there has never been a better time to - "There has never been a better time to learn."
there is an argument to be made that - "There is an argument to be made that books are essential."
there is no doubt in my mind that - "There is no doubt in my mind that you will succeed."
there is no limit to the number of - "There is no limit to the number of books you can read."
there is no reason to believe that the - "There is no reason to believe that the event will be cancelled."
there is no right or wrong way to - "There is no right or wrong way to paint a picture."
there is still a long way to go - "There is still a long way to go to finish the race."
there was a time not so long ago - "There was a time not so long ago when horses were everywhere."
there was no way i was going to - "There was no way I was going to miss the concert."
this is a step in the right direction - "This is a step in the right direction for our team."
this is due to the fact that the - "This is due to the fact that the sun sets late in summer."
this is just the tip of the iceberg - "This is just the tip of the iceberg of what we know."
this is not the first time that the - "This is not the first time that the event was postponed."
this is the first in a series of - "This is the first in a series of concerts."
this is why we cant have nice things - "This is why we can't have nice things."
those who can not remember the past are - "Those who can not remember the past are bound to repeat it."
thought it would be a good idea to - "He thought it would be a good idea to start early."
to be on the right side of history - "To be on the right side of history is important."
to come to terms with the fact that - "To come to terms with the fact that things change is vital."
to get from point a to point b - "To get from point A to point B, just follow the map."
to get out of bed in the morning - "To get out of bed in the morning, set an alarm."
to give him the benefit of the doubt - "To give him the benefit of the doubt is fair."
to have their cake and eat it too - "They tried to have their cake and eat it too."
to make it as easy as possible for - "Try to make it as easy as possible for everyone."
to pull the united states out of the - "The plan was to pull the United States out of the crisis."
to see what all the fuss is about - "Let us go to see what all the fuss is about."
to see what all the fuss was about - "He went to see what all the fuss was about."
to take the law into their own hands - "People should not take the law into their own hands."
to the best of our knowledge this is - "To the best of our knowledge, this is correct."
to the left and to the right of - "There are doors to the left and to the right of the hall."
to win the hearts and minds of the - "Their goal was to win the hearts and minds of the people."
wake up in the middle of the night - "I often wake up in the middle of the night."
want to thank you for being with us - "I want to thank you for being with us today."
was the best thing that ever happened to - "Meeting you was the best thing that ever happened to me."
was the straw that broke the camels back - "That incident was the straw that broke the camel's back."
ways you can enter to increase your chances - "There are ways you can enter to increase your chances of winning."
we can not rule out the possibility that - "We cannot rule out the possibility that it may rain."
we have a lot of work to do - "We have a lot of work to do before the deadline."
we need all the help we can get - "In this project, we need all the help we can get."
we want to hear what you think about - "We want to hear what you think about the new policy."
we will do everything in our power to - "We will do everything in our power to help."
were going to do everything we can to - "We were going to do everything we can to help."
what are we going to do about it - "What are we going to do about this problem?"
what are you going to do about it - "What are you going to do about the situation?"
what difference at this point does it make - "What difference at this point does it make?"
what has come to be known as the - "What has come to be known as the great discovery."
what to do and how to do it - "She knew exactly what to do and how to do it."
what to do and what not to do - "The guide explained what to do and what not to do."
when was the last time you saw a - "When was the last time you saw a shooting star?"
which is more than can be said for - "She finished on time, which is more than can be said for her partner."
which of the following is a type of - "Which of the following is a type of bird?"
who can not be named for legal reasons - "The person, who cannot be named for legal reasons, declined to comment."
who did not want to be named said - "A source, who did not want to be named, said the talks were positive."
who was not involved in the new study - "The scientist, who was not involved in the new study, offered criticism."
with the way things are going in the - "With the way things are going in the economy, we must be cautious."
woke up in the middle of the night - "She woke up in the middle of the night to a strange noise."
work and no play makes jack a dull - "Work and no play makes Jack a dull boy."
would go on to become one of the - "He would go on to become one of the greatest artists."
years later lets finally heed the call of - "Years later, let us finally heed the call of reason."
you dont have to take my word for - "You don't have to take my word for it, see for yourself."
you know as well as i do that - "You know as well as I do that it is the right choice."
you may pay the cost if you do - "You may pay the cost if you do not act now."