a couple of weeks ago - "I met him a couple of weeks ago."
a couple of years ago - "A couple of years ago, things were different."
a little bit of a - "It is a little bit of a challenge."
a long period of time - "He waited for a long period of time."
a long way to go - "We still have a long way to go."
a lot of people are - "A lot of people are talking about it."
a lot of people do - "A lot of people do that."
a lot of people have - "A lot of people have doubts."
a lot of people in - "There are a lot of people in the park."
a lot of people who - "There are a lot of people who care."
a lot of things that - "There are a lot of things that matter."
a lot to do with - "It has a lot to do with luck."
a man and a woman - "A man and a woman were walking together."
a year and a half - "It has been a year and a half."
about the size of a - "It is about the size of a lemon."
all of us here at - "All of us here at the office agree."
all the way to the - "He walked all the way to the store."
all you have to do - "All you have to do is try."
an hour and a half - "It took an hour and a half to get there."
an integral part of the - "He is an integral part of the team."
and a lot of people - "And a lot of people agreed."
and a member of the - "She is a leader and a member of the team."
and all of a sudden - "And all of a sudden, it was quiet."
and at the end of - "And at the end of the day, we were tired."
and at the same time - "And at the same time, it began to rain."
and for the first time - "And for the first time, I understood."
and i did not want - "And I did not want to leave."
and i do not know - "And I do not know why."
and i do not think - "And I do not think it is right."
and i do not want - "And I do not want to go."
and i think that the - "And I think that the idea is good."
and if you do not - "And if you do not mind, I will join."
and one of the things - "And one of the things I love is music."
and the rest of the - "And the rest of the team followed."
and when we come back - "And when we come back, we will talk more."
are a lot of people - "There are a lot of people waiting."
are going to have to - "We are going to have to decide."
are more likely to be - "They are more likely to be successful."
are we going to do - "What are we going to do now?"
are you going to do - "What are you going to do about it?"
as a matter of fact - "As a matter of fact, I was there."
as a member of the - "As a member of the team, I agree."
as a result of the - "As a result of the storm, schools closed."
as a result of this - "As a result of this event, we changed our plans."
as far as i know - "As far as I know, it is true."
as if it were a - "He acted as if it were a joke."
as in the case of - "As in the case of John, we must be careful."
as one of the most - "He is known as one of the most talented."
at a time when the - "At a time when the market was down."
at the back of the - "He sat at the back of the room."
at the base of the - "Meet me at the base of the hill."
at the beginning of the - "At the beginning of the story, there was silence."
at the bottom of the - "The key is at the bottom of the box."
at the center of the - "She stood at the center of the room."
at the edge of the - "He sat at the edge of the bed."
at the end of a - "At the end of a long day, he relaxed."
at the end of the - "The shop is at the end of the street."
at the end of this - "At the end of this road, turn left."
at the far end of - "He parked at the far end of the lot."
at the foot of the - "Our cat sleeps at the foot of the bed."
at the front of the - "She waited at the front of the line."
at the head of the - "He sat at the head of the table."
at the heart of the - "Trust is at the heart of their relationship."
at the height of the - "At the height of the summer, it's very hot."
at the other end of - "My friend lives at the other end of the city."
at the same time that - "She arrived at the same time that the meeting started."
at the start of the - "At the start of the race, everyone was excited."
at the time of the - "At the time of the accident, it was raining."
at the top of the - "The flag was at the top of the pole."
at the turn of the - "Fashion changed at the turn of the century."
be back in a moment - "I will be back in a moment."
between the united states and - "Trade agreements exist between the United States and Canada."
but at the same time - "It is hard but at the same time rewarding."
but i do not know - "But I do not know the answer."
but i do not think - "But I do not think that is a good idea."
but i do not want - "But I do not want to go there."
but on the other hand - "But on the other hand, there are risks."
but that does not mean - "But that does not mean it's impossible."
but when it comes to - "But when it comes to cooking, she is an expert."
by the end of the - "By the end of the week, we will have an answer."
can not be represented in - "This image can not be represented in black and white."
did not know how to - "He did not know how to swim."
did not know what to - "He did not know what to say."
did not want to be - "I did not want to be late."
did not want to go - "They did not want to go home."
do not have time to - "I do not have time to explain."
do not have to be - "You do not have to be perfect."
do not have to do - "We do not have to do it right now."
do not have to go - "You do not have to go there."
do not have to worry - "You do not have to worry about it."
do not know anything about - "I do not know anything about cars."
do not know how to - "They do not know how to swim."
do not know if i - "I do not know if I can come home right now."
do not know if it - "We do not know if it is true."
do not know if you - "I do not know if you heard the news."
do not know what i - "I do not know what I want."
do not know what it - "I do not know what it means."
do not know what the - "We do not know what the future holds."
do not know what they - "They do not know what they want."
do not know what to - "I do not know what to cook."
do not know what you - "I do not know what you need."
do not think you can - "I do not think you can lift it."
do not want to be - "I do not want to be late."
do not want to do - "I do not want to do chores."
do not want to get - "I do not want to get wet."
do not want to go - "I do not want to go outside."
do not want to have - "I do not want to have dessert."
do not want to hear - "I do not want to hear excuses."
do not want to see - "I do not want to see that movie."
do not want to talk - "I do not want to talk about it."
do not want you to - "I do not want you to leave."
do not worry about it - "Do not worry about it, it is fine."
do you want me to - "Do you want me to help?"
does not have to be - "It does not have to be perfect."
does not seem to be - "He does not seem to be happy."
every once in a while - "Every once in a while, I read a book."
fact of the matter is - "The fact of the matter is, we were wrong."
for a very long time - "I waited for a very long time."
for all of us here - "This is important for all of us here."
for more than a decade - "He lived there for more than a decade."
for more than a year - "I have known her for more than a year."
for the first time in - "For the first time in years, I felt happy."
for the first time since - "For the first time since March, it snowed."
for the new york times - "He wrote an article for The New York Times."
for the rest of his - "He traveled for the rest of his life."
for the rest of my - "I will remember this for the rest of my life."
for the rest of the - "She stayed there for the rest of the summer."
from all over the world - "People came from all over the world."
from the point of view - "From the point of view of a child, it is huge."
from the rest of the - "He stood out from the rest of the group."
going to be able to - "Are you going to be able to come?"
going to have to be - "It is going to have to be fixed."
going to take a break - "I'm going to take a break now."
had no choice but to - "She had no choice but to agree."
had nothing to do with - "It had nothing to do with luck."
had something to do with - "It had something to do with his past."
has nothing to do with - "This has nothing to do with you."
has to do with the - "It has to do with the way it is made."
have anything to do with - "Does this have anything to do with me?"
have not been able to - "I have not been able to sleep."
have nothing to do with - "This has nothing to do with that."
have to be able to - "You have to be able to swim."
he did not have to - "He did not have to say anything."
he did not want to - "He did not want to talk about it."
he does not want to - "He does not want to discuss it."
he was going to be - "He was going to be late."
he was not going to - "He was not going to give up."
he was one of the - "He was one of the best players."
here in the united states - "Here in the United States, we value freedom."
how are you going to - "How are you going to solve this?"
how do you feel about - "How do you feel about the new plan?"
hundreds of millions of dollars - "Hundreds of millions of dollars were spent on the project."
i can not tell you - "I cannot tell you how much this means to me."
i can not think of - "I cannot think of a better idea."
i can tell you that - "I can tell you that it's a good plan."
i did not have a - "I did not have a chance to speak."
i did not have to - "I did not have to work late today."
i did not know that - "I did not know that was possible."
i did not know what - "I did not know what to do."
i did not mean to - "I did not mean to upset you."
i did not want to - "I did not want to leave early."
i do not believe it - "I do not believe it is true."
i do not believe that - "I do not believe that story."
i do not care if - "I do not care if it rains."
i do not care what - "I do not care what they think."
i do not even know - "I do not even know her name."
i do not have a - "I do not have a car."
i do not have any - "I do not have any money."
i do not have the - "I do not have the time for that."
i do not have to - "I do not have to go today."
i do not know about - "I do not know about the meeting."
i do not know how - "I do not know how to swim."
i do not know if - "I do not know if I can come home."
i do not know that - "I do not know that person."
i do not know the - "I do not know the answer."
i do not know what - "I do not know what to say."
i do not know where - "I do not know where it is."
i do not know whether - "I do not know whether to go or stay."
i do not know who - "I do not know who did it."
i do not know why - "I do not know why it happened."
i do not like to - "I do not like to wake up early."
i do not mean to - "I do not mean to interrupt."
i do not need to - "I do not need to buy that."
i do not see any - "I do not see any problem here."
i do not see how - "I do not see how that will work."
i do not think anybody - "I do not think anybody knows."
i do not think he - "I do not think he will come."
i do not think i - "I do not think I can do it."
i do not think it - "I do not think it matters."
i do not think she - "I do not think she noticed."
i do not think so - "I do not think so."
i do not think that - "I do not think that is a good idea."
i do not think the - "I do not think the plan will work."
i do not think there - "I do not think there is a chance."
i do not think they - "I do not think they will agree."
i do not think we - "I do not think we should go."
i do not think you - "I do not think you understand."
i do not want to - "I do not want to go there."
i do not want you - "I do not want you to leave."
i have a lot of - "I have a lot of books."
i have to tell you - "I have to tell you a secret."
i think a lot of - "I think a lot of people agree."
i think it was a - "I think it was a mistake."
i think it would be - "I think it would be fun."
i think one of the - "I think one of the keys is lost."
i think there is a - "I think there is a problem."
i think this is a - "I think this is a good idea."
i think we have to - "I think we have to go now."
i think we need to - "I think we need to talk."
i think you have to - "I think you have to try."
i thought it was a - "I thought it was a joke."
i want to ask you - "I want to ask you a question."
i want to show you - "I want to show you something."
i was going to be - "I was going to be late."
i was going to say - "I was going to say that."
i was not going to - "I was not going to tell."
i would like to see - "I would like to see it."
i would not want to - "I would not want to go without it."
if it were not for - "If it were not for you, I could not go."
if you do not have - "If you do not have the book, I can lend it to you."
if you do not like - "If you do not like the food, we can eat somewhere else."
if you do not mind - "If you do not mind, I would like to join you."
if you do not want - "If you do not want to go, it's okay."
if you look at the - "If you look at the map, we are here."
in and out of the - "He went in and out of the room."
in other parts of the - "In other parts of the country, it's very different."
in such a way that - "Arrange it in such a way that everyone can see."
in the aftermath of the - "In the aftermath of the storm, we helped each other."
in the back of the - "In the back of the book, you will find the answers."
in the case of the - "In the case of the missing item, call this number."
in the center of the - "In the center of the city, there is a park."
in the context of the - "In the context of the story, his actions make sense."
in the course of the - "In the course of the investigation, new facts emerged."
in the direction of the - "He walked in the direction of the park."
in the eyes of the - "In the eyes of the children, everything was magical."
in the face of the - "In the face of the challenge, she remained strong."
in the first half of - "In the first half of the book, the plot thickens."
in the form of a - "The gift came in the form of a letter."
in the hands of the - "In the hands of the cook, the ingredients came alive."
in the heart of the - "In the heart of the city there is a park."
in the history of the - "In the history of the school, this was a first."
in the last couple of - "In the last couple of weeks, much has changed."
in the last few years - "In the last few years, the city has grown."
in the last two years - "In the last two years, I have learned so much."
in the middle of a - "In the middle of a storm, the ship sailed on."
in the middle of the - "In the middle of the night, I heard a noise."
in the midst of a - "In the midst of a crisis, they remained calm."
in the midst of the - "In the midst of the celebration, he smiled."
in the new york times - "She read it in The New York Times."
in the past few years - "In the past few years, things have changed."
in the past two years - "In the past two years, I have learned a lot."
in the rest of the - "In the rest of the city, life went on as usual."
in the same way that - "He learns in the same way that she does."
in the second half of - "The game changed in the second half of the match."
in the united states and - "This is popular in the United States and Europe."
in the united states is - "The largest city in the United States is New York."
in the wake of the - "In the wake of the storm, we rebuilt."
in this part of the - "In this part of the town, it is quieter."
increase in the number of - "There is an increase in the number of cars."
is a member of the - "She is a member of the club."
is going to be a - "Tomorrow is going to be a sunny day."
is going to be the - "This is going to be the best day ever."
is going to have to - "He is going to have to work late."
is important to note that - "It is important to note that details matter."
is not going to be - "It is not going to be easy."
is not to say that - "This is not to say that it's impossible."
is one of the best - "This is one of the best books I have read."
is one of the few - "She is one of the few experts in this field."
is one of the most - "It is one of the most beautiful places."
is talk of the nation - "There is talk of the nation's future."
it does not have to - "It does not have to be this way."
it has to do with - "It has to do with your attitude."
it is going to be - "It is going to be a long day."
it is important to note - "It is important to note the deadline."
it is not surprising that - "It is not surprising that he won."
it is one of the - "It is one of the oldest cities."
it seems to me that - "It seems to me that you are right."
it should be noted that - "It should be noted that the rules have changed."
it turned out to be - "It turned out to be a great party."
it was going to be - "I knew it was going to be a challenge."
it was one of the - "It was one of the hardest decisions."
it was the first time - "It was the first time she saw snow."
know what to do with - "He did not know what to do with the gift."
let me ask you about - "Let me ask you about your plans."
let me ask you this - "Let me ask you this question."
let me tell you something - "Let me tell you something important."
may not be able to - "She may not be able to come."
may or may not be - "It may or may not be true."
more than half of the - "More than half of the class passed."
much for being with us - "Thank you very much for being with us."
not going to be able - "He is not going to be able to join us."
not have a lot of - "We do not have a lot of time."
not have to worry about - "You do not have to worry about it."
not know what to do - "I do not know what to do next."
not know what to say - "He did not know what to say."
not want to talk about - "They do not want to talk about it."
nothing to do with the - "This has nothing to do with the problem."
of the rest of the - "He was different from the rest of the group."
of the united states and - "The President of the United States and his team met."
of this study was to - "The purpose of this study was to explore the effects."
on both sides of the - "There were trees on both sides of the road."
on either side of the - "Houses stood on either side of the street."
on one side of the - "A fence ran on one side of the field."
on talk of the nation - "She appeared on Talk of the Nation."
on the back of the - "Sign your name on the back of the paper."
on the basis of the - "Judgment was made on the basis of the facts."
on the edge of the - "Their house is on the edge of the forest."
on the eve of the - "On the eve of the festival, excitement was high."
on the far side of - "A park lay on the far side of the river."
on the floor of the - "He sat on the floor of the room."
on the other side of - "The store is on the other side of the street."
on the part of the - "There was a mistake on the part of the staff."
on the side of the - "He parked on the side of the road."
on the way to the - "They were on the way to the market."
one of the most important - "Water is one of the most important resources."
one of the most popular - "This is one of the most popular shows."
one of the reasons why - "That is one of the reasons why I left."
one of the things i - "One of the things I enjoy is reading."
one of the things that - "One of the things that matters is honesty."
one way or the other - "It will happen one way or the other."
out of the corner of - "She glanced out of the corner of her eye."
over the course of the - "Over the course of the year, things changed."
over the next five years - "Changes will happen over the next five years."
president of the united states - "The President of the United States gave a speech."
purpose of this study was - "The purpose of this study was to understand the pattern."
over the course of the - "Over the course of the year, things changed."
salt and pepper to taste - "Add salt and pepper to taste."
season with salt and pepper - "Season the food with salt and pepper."
she did not want to - "She did not want to leave."
so i do not think - "So, I do not think it is a good idea."
so much for joining us - "Thank you so much for joining us today."
some of the things that - "These are some of the things that matter."
spend a lot of time - "I spend a lot of time reading."
spent a lot of time - "He spent a lot of time working."
take a look at the - "Let us take a look at the map."
take a look at this - "Take a look at this picture."
talk of the nation from - "We heard the talk of the nation from the radio."
thank you both very much - "Thank you both very much for your help."
thank you for being with - "Thank you for being with us today."
thank you for joining us - "Thank you for joining us at the event."
thank you so much for - "Thank you so much for your help."
thank you very much for - "Thank you very much for your time."
thanks for being with us - "Thanks for being with us tonight."
that a lot of people - "I know that a lot of people agree."
that he was going to - "He said that he was going to come."
that was one of the - "That was one of the best days."
the end of the cold - "We celebrated the end of the cold season."
the end of the day - "At the end of the day, we were tired."
the end of the war - "The end of the war brought peace."
the end of the world - "Some feared it was the end of the world."
the end of the year - "We plan to finish by the end of the year."
the extent to which the - "The extent to which the law applies varies."
the fact of the matter - "The fact of the matter is we were late."
the fact that he was - "She ignored the fact that he was right."
the far end of the - "He walked to the far end of the street."
the far side of the - "Our house is on the far side of the lake."
the first half of the - "The first half of the game was exciting."
the good news is that - "The good news is that everyone is safe."
the last couple of years - "The last couple of years have been challenging."
the middle of the night - "I woke up in the middle of the night."
the other end of the - "He was at the other end of the hall."
the other side of the - "The store is on the other side of the street."
the point of view of - "From the point of view of a child, it is huge."
the president of the united - "The President of the United States gave a speech."
the purpose of this study - "The purpose of this study is to discover new facts."
the rest of his life - "He spent the rest of his life writing."
the rest of my life - "I want to travel for the rest of my life."
the rest of the country - "The news spread to the rest of the country."
the rest of the day - "I will be busy for the rest of the day."
the rest of the world - "The rest of the world seems so far away."
the rest of your life - "You will remember this for the rest of your life."
the results of this study - "The results of this study are promising."
the right thing to do - "It is the right thing to do."
the second half of the - "We played better in the second half of the game."
the side of the road - "He parked on the side of the road."
the turn of the century - "At the turn of the century, things changed rapidly."
the united states and canada - "The United States and Canada share a border."
the united states and the - "The United States and the European Union reached an agreement."
the united states in the - "The United States in the 20th century saw great change."
the united states of america - "The President leads the United States of America."
there are a lot of - "There are a lot of stars out tonight."
there are a number of - "There are a number of reasons for this."
there are going to be - "There are going to be many challenges ahead."
there is a lot of - "There is a lot of joy here."
there is no doubt that - "There is no doubt that she is right."
there was a lot of - "There was a lot of food at the party."
there was a time when - "There was a time when we were close."
there were a lot of - "There were a lot of stars visible last night."
they did not want to - "They did not want to leave early."
they do not have a - "They do not have a choice now."
they do not have the - "They do not have the key."
they do not have to - "They do not have to go today."
they do not want to - "They do not want to talk about it."
think a lot of people - "I think a lot of people agree."
this is going to be - "This is going to be fun."
this is one of the - "This is one of the best days."
this is the first time - "This is the first time I have seen it."
to be a part of - "I'm excited to be a part of this."
to be able to do - "To be able to do this is great."
to be one of the - "To be one of the winners is amazing."
to be part of the - "To be part of the team is an honor."
to come up with a - "We need to come up with a plan."
to do something about it - "It is time to do something about it."
to do the right thing - "It is important to do the right thing."
to figure out how to - "We need to figure out how to solve this."
to find a way to - "We must find a way to agree."
to get out of the - "He tried to get out of the room."
to get rid of the - "We need to get rid of the clutter."
to go back to the - "I want to go back to the beach."
to have you with us - "We are glad to have you with us."
to make sure that the - "We need to make sure that the doors are locked."
to meet the needs of - "We strive to meet the needs of our clients."
to take a look at - "Let us take a look at the map."
to take advantage of the - "Don't forget to take advantage of the sale."
to tell you the truth - "To tell you the truth, I was nervous."
to the back of the - "Go to the back of the line."
to the bottom of the - "We got to the bottom of the mystery."
to the edge of the - "He walked to the edge of the cliff."
to the end of the - "We walked to the end of the road."
to the front of the - "Move to the front of the line."
to the rest of the - "Say goodbye to the rest of the team."
to the side of the - "She stood to the side of the door."
to the top of the - "Climb to the top of the mountain."
toward the end of the - "Toward the end of the book, it gets exciting."
trying to figure out what - "I'm trying to figure out what happened."
turned out to be a - "It turned out to be a great day."
two and a half years - "It's been two and a half years."
very much for being with - "Thank you very much for being with us."
very much for joining us - "Thank you very much for joining us."
want to be able to - "I want to be able to swim."
want to go back to - "They want to go back to school."
want to make sure that - "We want to make sure that everyone is safe."
was a member of the - "She was a member of the team."
was going to be a - "It was going to be a surprise."
was one of the first - "She was one of the first to arrive."
was one of the most - "That was one of the most exciting games."
we are not going to - "We are not going to give up."
we do not have a - "We do not have a choice."
we do not have any - "We do not have any more cookies."
we do not have the - "We do not have the time."
we do not have to - "We do not have to hurry."
we do not know what - "We do not know what to do."
we do not want to - "We do not want to leave."
we have a lot of - "We have a lot of work to do."
what are we going to - "What are we going to eat?"
what are you doing here - "What are you doing here so early?"
what are you going to - "What are you going to do next?"
what are you talking about - "What are you talking about?"
what do you make of - "What do you make of this situation?"
what do you mean by - "What do you mean by that?"
what do you say to - "What do you say to a movie tonight?"
what do you think about - "What do you think about the plan?"
what do you think of - "What do you think of the new design?"
what do you want to - "What do you want to eat?"
what it means to be - "He showed what it means to be brave."
when i was a kid - "When I was a kid, I loved to play outside."
when it comes to the - "When it comes to the final exam, I'm ready."
when you look at the - "When you look at the sky, what do you see?"
while at the same time - "He managed to study while at the same time working."
why do not you just - "Why don't you just relax for a bit?"
will not be able to - "I will not be able to attend the meeting."
with the help of a - "With the help of a friend, I finished the project."
with the rest of the - "She went with the rest of the group."
would not be able to - "He would not be able to come today."
you can not do that - "You can't do that here."
you do not have a - "You do not have a problem."
you do not have the - "You do not have the right to say that."
you do not have to - "You do not have to worry."
you do not know what - "You do not know what you are missing."
you do not need to - "You do not need to hurry."
you do not want to - "You do not want to be late."
you for being with us - "Thank you for being with us."
you have to do is - "All you have to do is try."
you know what i mean - "You know what I mean, right?"