a bit of a - "It is a bit of a challenge."
a couple of years - "He left a couple of years ago."
a few years ago - "A few years ago, things were different."
a great deal of - "She shows a great deal of courage."
a large number of - "A large number of books were sold."
a little bit more - "Add a little bit more sugar."
a little bit of - "Just a little bit of salt is enough."
a look at the - "Take a look at the menu."
a lot of money - "He spent a lot of money."
a lot of people - "A lot of people enjoy the show."
a lot of the - "I read a lot of the time."
a lot of things - "She knows a lot of things."
a lot of time - "It takes a lot of time."
a matter of fact - "As a matter of fact, I was there."
a member of the - "She is a member of the club."
a part of the - "He is a part of the team."
a result of the - "It is a result of the hard work."
a wide range of - "They offer a wide range of services."
all of a sudden - "All of a sudden, it started raining."
all over the country - "Fans are all over the country."
all over the world - "It is known all over the world."
all the way to - "We walked all the way to the park."
and a lot of - "There were cookies and a lot of candy."
and i can not - "And I can not believe it."
and i did not - "And I did not see him."
and i do not - "And I do not agree."
and i think it - "And I think it is great."
and i think that - "And I think that is right."
and i think the - "And I think the plan will work."
and i think we - "And I think we should go."
and i want to - "And I want to help."
and one of the - "And one of the best to see is here."
and some of the - "And some of the people left."
and the fact that - "And the fact that it is true."
and the rest of - "And the rest of the day was free."
and the united states - "And the United States is large."
and there was a - "And there was a cat."
and they do not - "And they do not know."
and we do not - "And we do not agree."
and you do not - "And you do not understand."
anything to do with - "It has nothing to do with you."
are a lot of - "There are a lot of stars."
are going to be - "They are going to be late."
are going to have - "We are going to have fun."
are more likely to - "They are more likely to succeed."
are not going to - "They are not going to come over here."
are we going to - "Are we going to leave?"
are you going to - "Are you going to eat that?"
as a matter of - "As a matter of fact, yes."
as a result of - "As a result of the test, we passed."
as a way to - "Use it as a way to learn."
as far as i - "As far as I know, it is true."
as far as the - "As far as the eye can see."
as if he were - "He acted as if he were king."
as if it were - "It seemed as if it were magic."
as if they were - "They ran as if they were chased."
as long as the - "As long as the sun shines we will go."
as long as you - "As long as you are happy stay here."
as one of the - "He is known as one of the best."
as part of a - "She worked as part of a team."
as part of the - "She came home as part of the plan."
as well as a - "He is smart as well as a good friend."
as well as the - "She knows the subject as well as the teacher."
at a time when - "At a time when it mattered."
at the age of - "At the age of twenty he left home."
at the beginning of - "At the beginning of the year he went home."
at the bottom of - "It is at the bottom of the page."
at the center of - "At the center of the city you will find it."
at the edge of - "She sat at the edge of the bed."
at the end of - "At the end of the day we all go home."
at the expense of - "It was done at the expense of others."
at the heart of - "It is at the heart of the matter."
at the same time - "We arrived at the same time."
at the time of - "At the time of the accident we saw her."
at the top of - "He is at the top of his class."
at the university of - "He studied at the University of Texas."
at the white house - "The president spoke at the White House."
be able to do - "I will be able to do it tomorrow."
be one of the - "It might be one of the best."
because i do not - "Because I do not agree I will not go."
both sides of the - "He painted both sides of the fence."
but at the same - "But at the same time, I understand."
but he did not - "But he did not go."
but i can not - "But I can not do it."
but i did not - "But I did not know."
but i do not - "But I do not care."
but i think it - "But I think it is good."
but i think that - "But I think that is wrong."
but it was not - "But it was not enough."
but you do not - "But you do not understand."
by the end of - "By the end of the day it will be gone."
by the fact that - "I am surprised by the fact that it is true."
by the time the - "By the time the sun sets they be gone."
can be used to - "It can be used to clean books."
come up with a - "Come up with a plan."
despite the fact that - "Despite the fact that it rained we went anyway."
did not have a - "He did not have a choice to go."
did not have the - "She did not have the key."
did not have to - "They did not have to go."
did not know what - "I did not know what to say."
did not seem to - "It did not seem to matter."
did not want to - "She did not want to leave."
do not even know - "I do not even know him."
do not go away - "Please do not go away."
do not have a - "They do not have a choice."
do not have any - "We do not have any time left."
do not have the - "You do not have the time."
do not have to - "You do not have to go."
do not know how - "I do not know how to swim."
do not know if - "We do not know if it is true."
do not know that - "They do not know that secret."
do not know what - "I do not know what to say."
do not know where - "He does not know where it is."
do not know why - "She does not know why."
do not need to - "You do not need to hurry."
do not think he - "I do not think he knows."
do not think i - "I do not think I can."
do not think it - "They do not think it matters."
do not think so - "I do not think so."
do not think that - "We do not think that is right."
do not think the - "They do not think the plan will work."
do not think there - "We do not think there is a chance."
do not think we - "I do not think we should go."
do not think you - "I do not think you understand."
do not want to - "I do not want to go."
do you have any - "Do you have any questions?"
do you think it - "Do you think it will rain?"
do you think that - "Do you think that is fair?"
do you think the - "Do you think the team will win?"
do you think you - "Do you think you can help?"
do you want to - "Do you want to join us?"
does not have to - "He does not have to agree."
does not want to - "She does not want to talk."
end of the day - "By the end of the day, we will know."
find a way to - "We must find a way to solve this."
for a couple of - "I will be gone for a couple of days."
for a long time - "I have known him for a long time."
for all of us - "It is important for all of us."
for being with us - "Thank you for being with us."
for more than a - "He has been gone for more than a week."
for the first time - "I saw her for the first time today."
for the most part - "For the most part, it was a good day."
for the rest of - "I'm here for the rest of the week."
for the sake of - "For the sake of peace, let us agree."
for the united states - "This law is for the United States."
from the united states - "She is visiting from the United States."
from time to time - "I see him from time to time."
get out of the - "You need to get out of the house."
go back to the - "Let us go back to the beginning."
going to be a - "It is going to be a long day."
going to be able - "You are going to be able to do it."
going to be the - "This is going to be the best day."
going to have a - "We are going to have a party."
going to have to - "You are going to have to decide."
going to take a - "It is going to take a while."
good to see you - "It is good to see you again."
got a lot of - "He is got a lot of friends."
had a chance to - "I had a chance to speak."
had a lot of - "She had a lot of fun."
had nothing to do - "It had nothing to do with me."
has to do with - "It has to do with respect."
have a lot of - "They have a lot of ideas."
have been able to - "We have been able to improve."
have the right to - "You have the right to remain silent."
he did not have - "He did not have the answer."
he did not know - "He did not know her name."
he did not want - "He did not want to go."
he was going to - "He was going to call her."
how do you know - "How do you know that?"
hundreds of thousands of - "Hundreds of thousands of people attended."
i can not believe - "I can not believe it."
i can tell you - "I can tell you a story."
i did not have - "I did not have enough time."
i did not know - "I did not know that."
i did not think - "I did not think it was possible."
i did not want - "I did not want to leave."
i do not believe - "I do not believe that is true."
i do not care - "I do not care about it."
i do not even - "I do not even know him."
i do not have - "I do not have the book."
i do not know - "I do not know her."
i do not like - "I do not like that."
i do not really - "I do not really understand."
i do not remember - "I do not remember the way."
i do not see - "I do not see the problem."
i do not think - "I do not think it is right."
i do not understand - "I do not understand you."
i do not want - "I do not want to go."
i have to say - "I have to say, it is good."
i just do not - "I just do not know."
i just want to - "I just want to help."
i just wanted to - "I just wanted to say thanks."
i really do not - "I really do not care."
i think it is - "I think it is time."
i think it was - "I think it was him."
i think that the - "I think that the idea is good."
i think this is - "I think this is enough."
i think we have - "I think we have a problem."
i thought it was - "I thought it was funny."
i want to be - "I want to be happy."
i want you to - "I want you to listen."
i was able to - "I was able to learn."
i was going to - "I was going to call."
i would like to - "I would like to help."
if they do not - "If they do not agree leave."
if we do not - "If we do not hurry we will be late."
if you can not - "If you can not come tell me now."
if you do not - "If you do not mind come tonight."
if you have a - "If you have a moment let us talk."
if you look at - "If you look at the sky you will see stars."
if you want to - "If you want to join us come back later today."
in a lot of - "In a lot of ways she was right."
in a variety of - "We have it in a variety of colors."
in a way that - "In a way that works for her."
in addition to the - "In addition to the cost we have to give our time."
in an attempt to - "In an attempt to improve she went to school."
in an effort to - "In an effort to help she got job."
in and out of - "In and out of love."
in front of a - "We saw them in front of a crowd."
in front of her - "It was in front of her house."
in front of him - "In front of him stood a house."
in front of me - "In front of me stood a house."
in front of the - "In front of the mirror is a book."
in new york city - "In New York City, life buzzes."
in one of the - "In one of the rooms is a thick book."
in terms of the - "In terms of the law she was right."
in the absence of - "In the absence of light it was dark."
in the back of - "In the back of the car was a book."
in the case of - "In the case of rain come again tomorrow."
in the center of - "In the center of town was the store."
in the context of - "In the context of history he was right."
in the course of - "In the course of a day they made it home."
in the direction of - "In the direction of home you will find it."
in the face of - "In the face of danger she was fearless."
in the first place - "In the first place, why?"
in the form of - "In the form of a letter she said goodbye."
in the hands of - "We left it in the hands of fate."
in the history of - "It can be found in the history of art."
in the living room - "We talked in the living room."
in the long run - "In the long run, it matters."
in the middle east - "In the Middle East, cultures blend."
in the middle of - "In the middle of the night she left."
in the midst of - "In the midst of chaos he left for home."
in the name of - "In the name of love he bought a house."
in the new york - "He read it in the New York Times."
in the number of - "In the number of days."
in the process of - "In the process of learning he found it to be true."
in the same way - "In the same way, he smiled."
in the sense that - "In the sense that it is true."
in the united states - "In the United States, it is common."
in the wake of - "We found her in the wake of the storm."
in the way of - "In the way of progress, it is good for the nation."
in the white house - "In the White House, decisions are made."
is going to be - "It is going to be sunny."
is not going to - "He is not going to come home."
is one of the - "This is one of the best."
is part of the - "It is part of the plan."
is the author of - "She is the author of a novel."
it does not matter - "It does not matter now."
it has to be - "It has to be perfect."
it is difficult to - "It is difficult to say."
it is important to - "It is important to remember."
it seems to me - "It seems to me that is right."
it used to be - "It used to be different."
it was as if - "It was as if she knew."
it was going to - "It was going to rain."
it was not a - "It was not a mistake."
it was one of - "It was one of those days."
it was the first - "It was the first time."
it was time to - "It was time to go."
it would be a - "It would be a surprise."
it would have been - "It would have been easier."
know what to do - "I know what to do."
let me ask you - "Let me ask you something."
let me tell you - "Let me tell you a story."
middle of the night - "In the middle of the night, I awoke."
more likely to be - "He is more likely to be late."
more than a year - "It has been more than a year."
most of the time - "Most of the time, it works."
not be able to - "I might not be able to come over."
not going to be - "It is not going to be easy."
not have to be - "It does not have to be hard."
not know how to - "I do not know how to swim."
not know what to - "I do not know what to say."
not want to be - "I do not want to be late."
not want to go - "I do not want to go there."
nothing to do with - "It has nothing to do with you."
of one of the - "He is one of the best."
of some of the - "These are some of the reasons."
of the fact that - "Because of the fact that it is true."
of the most important - "One of the most important things."
of the new york - "He read it in the New York Times."
of the people who - "He is one of the people who helped."
of the things that - "It is one of the things that matter."
of the united states - "President of the United States."
on both sides of - "On both sides of the river."
on the back of - "Find it on the back of the photo."
on the basis of - "On the basis of evidence she was right."
on the edge of - "On the edge of the forest you will find it."
on the one hand - "On the one hand, it seems easy."
on the other hand - "On the other hand, it is hard."
on the other side - "He waited on the other side."
on the part of - "It was a mistake on the part of the team."
on the side of - "She stood on the side of justice."
on the verge of - "He was on the verge of crying."
on the way to - "We are on the way to the park."
on top of the - "The cat sat on top of the fridge."
once in a while - "I eat out once in a while."
one of the best - "This is one of the best days."
one of the biggest - "It is one of the biggest challenges."
one of the few - "He is one of the few experts in this field."
one of the first - "She was one of the first to arrive."
one of the great - "It is one of the great wonders."
one of the most - "It is one of the most beautiful places."
one of the reasons - "That is one of the reasons I left."
one of the things - "One of the things I love is music."
other side of the - "He lives on the other side of the city."
out of the way - "Move out of the way, please."
out to be a - "It turned out to be a mistake."
over and over again - "He read the note over and over again."
over the course of - "Over the course of a year, things changed."
people are going to - "People are going to talk."
president of the united - "The president of the United States spoke."
rest of the world - "The rest of the world is different."
she did not want - "She did not want to go."
she was going to - "She was going to call later."
should be able to - "You should be able to find it."
so i do not - "I will write it down so I do not forget."
some of the most - "These are some of the most common questions."
take a look at - "Take a look at this picture."
talk of the nation - "It is the talk of the nation."
tens of thousands of - "Tens of thousands of people attended."
thank you so much - "Thank you so much for your help."
thank you very much - "Thank you very much for coming."
that a lot of - "I know that a lot of people agree."
that does not mean - "That does not mean it is impossible."
that he did not - "I heard that he did not come over today."
that i do not - "That I do not know."
that it was a - "I thought that it was a good idea."
that it would be - "I hoped that it would be sunny."
that one of the - "I believe that one of the keys is missing."
that the united states - "It is clear that the United States is influential."
that there is a - "I believe that there is a solution."
that there is no - "He said that there is no evidence."
that there was a - "She knew that there was a problem."
that this is a - "I feel that this is a great opportunity."
that we do not - "It is sad that we do not agree."
that you do not - "I hope that you do not mind."
the back of his - "He felt a tap on the back of his neck."
the back of the - "The label was on the back of the bottle."
the beginning of the - "It was the beginning of the adventure."
the best way to - "The best way to learn is by doing."
the bottom of the - "The key was at the bottom of the box."
the case of the - "In the case of the missing cat, all clues matter."
the center of the - "The table stood in the center of the room."
the course of the - "Over the course of the week, things improved."
the edge of the - "She sat on the edge of the bed."
the end of a - "At the end of a long day, she relaxed."
the end of the - "The store is at the end of the street."
the extent to which - "The extent to which it will affect us is unknown."
the face of the - "He smiled in the face of danger."
the fact that he - "The fact that he lied was disappointing."
the fact that the - "The fact that the sun was shining made her happy."
the fact that they - "The fact that they arrived early was surprising."
the first time i - "The first time I saw snow, I was amazed."
the first time in - "This is the first time in years I have been here."
the first time since - "It is the first time since January we had been there."
the front of the - "He waited in the front of the line."
the head of the - "She is the head of the department."
the heart of the - "The park is in the heart of the city."
the history of the - "The book covers the history of the war."
the majority of the - "The majority of the people agreed."
the middle of a - "He woke up in the middle of a dream."
the middle of the - "The shop is in the middle of the street."
the most important thing - "The most important thing is to be kind."
the name of the - "I forgot the name of the movie."
the nature of the - "The nature of the problem is complex."
the new york times - "The New York Times published an article."
the only way to - "The only way to solve this is together."
the other side of - "The grass is greener on the other side of the road."
the part of the - "He played the part of the hero."
the power of the - "Never underestimate the power of the mind."
the president of the - "The president of the club spoke."
the rest of the - "I will tell you the rest of the story later."
the rest of us - "The rest of us stayed home."
the results of the - "The results of the test came in today."
the role of the - "The role of the teacher is very important."
the side of the - "He parked on the side of the road."
the size of a - "The rock was the size of a small car."
the size of the - "The size of the room surprised her."
the start of the - "The start of the race was exciting."
the surface of the - "The boat floated on the surface of the water."
the time of the - "It was the time of the year for snow."
the top of the - "The flag flew at the top of the pole."
the turn of the - "At the turn of the century, things changed."
the two of them - "The two of them left together."
the united states and - "The United States and Canada are neighbors."
the united states has - "The United States has a large population."
the united states in - "He visited the United States in summer."
the united states is - "The United States is a large country."
the united states to - "He moved from the United States to Canada."
the use of the - "The use of the internet has grown."
the vast majority of - "The vast majority of people agree."
the way to the - "This is the way to the park."
there are a lot - "There are a lot of stars in the sky."
there are so many - "There are so many books to read."
there has been a - "There has been a misunderstanding."
there will be a - "There will be a meeting tomorrow."
they are going to - "They are going to the store."
they do not have - "They do not have enough time."
they do not know - "They do not know the answer."
they do not want - "They do not want to go."
they were going to - "They were going to call us."
this is going to - "This is going to be fun."
this is not a - "This is not a good idea."
this is one of - "This is one of my favorite songs."
this is the first - "This is the first time I have tried this."
to be able to - "To be able to read is important."
to be in the - "He wants to be in the play."
to be on the - "She had to be on the train by seven."
to be one of - "To be one of the team is his dream."
to be part of - "To be part of the group is exciting."
to come up with - "Try to come up with a plan."
to deal with the - "We need to deal with the problem."
to do with it - "What should I to do with it?"
to do with the - "What does it have to do with the case?"
to get out of - "He wants to get out of the house."
to get rid of - "We need to get rid of the old furniture."
to get to the - "How do we get to the park?"
to go back to - "I want to go back to school."
to go to the - "We plan to go to the beach."
to look at the - "Take time to look at the stars."
to make sure that - "To make sure that everything is okay, check again."
to one of the - "He gave the book to one of his friends."
to take a break - "It is time to take a break."
to take advantage of - "To take advantage of the offer, call now."
to take care of - "She needs to take care of her plants."
to talk about the - "We need to talk about the plan."
to talk to you - "I need to talk to you."
to the end of - "Walk to the end of the road."
to the extent that - "To the extent that I know, it is true."
to the fact that - "He woke up late due to the fact that his alarm did not go off."
to the point where - "It is cold to the point where I need a coat."
to the top of - "Climb to the top of the hill."
to the united states - "They moved to the United States."
trying to figure out - "I'm trying to figure out the problem."
turned out to be - "It turned out to be a great day."
two and a half - "It is two and a half hours away."
up and down the - "He walked up and down the hallway."
want to talk about - "I want to talk about your grades."
was a lot of - "There was a lot of noise."
was going to be - "It was going to be a surprise."
was not going to - "He was not going to give up."
was one of the - "She was one of the best students."
was supposed to be - "It was supposed to be a secret."
was the first time - "It was the first time I saw snow."
we are going to - "We are going to the movies."
we did not have - "We did not have enough money."
we do not have - "We do not have the answer."
we do not know - "We do not know where it is."
we do not want - "We do not want to go."
we were going to - "We were going to eat out."
what are you doing - "What are you doing tonight?"
what do you do - "What do you do for fun?"
what do you mean - "What do you mean by that?"
what do you think - "What do you think about this?"
what do you want - "What do you want for dinner?"
what was going on - "I did not know what was going on."
when i was a - " I loved to play when I was a child."
when it comes to - "When it comes to math, she is the best."
when we come back - "When we come back, we will talk."
why do not you - "Why don't you come over?"
will be able to - "You will be able to see it soon."
with a lot of - "She came in with a lot of bags."
with the exception of - "Everyone, with the exception of Joe, arrived on time."
with the help of - "With the help of his friends, he finished the project."
with the united states - "Canada shares a border with the United States."
would be able to - "She would be able to help you."
would have to be - "It would have to be done by today."
would like to see - "I would like to see the menu."
would you like to - "Would you like to join us?"
year and a half - "It has been a year and a half since we met."
you are going to - "You are going to do great."
you do not have - "You do not have to go."
you do not know - "You do not know her."
you do not need - "You do not need to bring anything."
you do not want - "You do not want to miss this."
you have to be - "You have to be home by ten."
you have to do - "You have to do your homework."
you know what i - "You know what I mean."
you look at the - "What do you see when you look at the sky?"
you very much for - "Thank you very much for your help."
you want me to - "Do you want me to help?"
you want to be - "Do you want to be a doctor?"
you want to do - "What do you want to do today?"