a force to be reckoned with - "She is a force to be reckoned with in debates."
a lot of work to do - "We have a lot of work to do on this project."
a sign of things to come - "The early success is a sign of things to come."
a slap in the face to - "The decision was a slap in the face to the team."
a step in the right direction - "This policy is a step in the right direction."
a year and a half ago - "I moved here a year and a half ago."
all i can say is that - "All I can say is that it was unforgettable."
all the way back to the - "He traced his family all the way back to the 1800s."
all the way down to the - "The ball rolled all the way down to the bottom of the hill."
all the way up to the - "Climb all the way up to the top shelf."
all you have to do is - "All you have to do is press the button."
all you need to do is - "All you need to do is sign here."
an increase in the number of - "There has been an increase in the number of applicants."
and so on and so forth - "We need flour, sugar, eggs, and so on and so forth."
and then all of a sudden - "And then all of a sudden, the lights went out."
and will continue to do so - "They have supported us and will continue to do so."
anyone with information is asked to - "Anyone with information is asked to call the police."
are just a few of the - "Apples, oranges, and bananas are just a few of the fruits available."
as far as i can tell - "As far as I can tell, everything is fine."
as far as we can tell - "As far as we can tell, the plan will work."
as part of an effort to - "As part of an effort to improve, we are updating our software."
as well as a number of - "He brought snacks as well as a number of drinks."
as well as some of the - "You will meet the team as well as some of the managers."
as you can see in the - "As you can see in the report, our profits have increased."
at some point in the future - "We plan to expand at some point in the future."
at the beginning of the year - "Sales were strong at the beginning of the year."
at the end of the day - "At the end of the day, what matters is your happiness."
at the other end of the - "She sat at the other end of the table."
at the same time as the - "The concert starts at the same time as the game."
at the start of the season - "The team was optimistic at the start of the season."
at the time of his death - "He was living in Spain at the time of his death."
at the top of the list - "Quality is at the top of the list for our products."
at the very end of the - "The best part comes at the very end of the movie."
be a thing of the past - "Someday, cars might be a thing of the past."
be sure to check out the - "Be sure to check out the new store downtown."
be the first to hear about - "Subscribe to be the first to hear about our offers."
between a man and a woman - "The movie explores the relationship between a man and a woman."
between one man and one woman - "The debate is between one man and one woman."
both on and off the field - "He is a leader both on and off the field."
came to be known as the - "The artist came to be known as the master of color."
came up with the idea of - "She came up with the idea of a solar powered charger."
can be traced back to the - "The tradition can be traced back to the 19th century."
could not be reached for comment - "The mayor could not be reached for comment."
due to the fact that the - "The game was postponed due to the fact that the field was flooded."
for a long period of time - "They have been friends for a long period of time."
for an extended period of time - "The store will be closed for an extended period of time."
for the better part of a - "She has been my friend for the better part of a decade."
for the first time in the - "For the first time in the series, the hero loses."
for the first time since the - "It snowed for the first time since the 1980s."
for the remainder of the season - "The player is out for the remainder of the season."
for the rest of his life - "He traveled for the rest of his life."
for those of you who are - "For those of you who are interested, join us."
from point a to point b - "We need to get from point A to point B quickly."
from the bottom of my heart - "I thank you from the bottom of my heart."
from the point of view of - "From the point of view of an expert, it is risky."
go out of their way to - "They always go out of their way to help."
had nothing to do with the - "It had nothing to do with the decision."
has a lot to do with - "Success has a lot to do with hard work."
has a margin of error of - "The survey has a margin of error of two percent."
has been in the works for - "This project has been in the works for years."
has nothing to do with the - "This has nothing to do with the issue."
has the potential to be a - "This idea has the potential to be a game changer."
have a long way to go - "We still have a long way to go."
have to find a way to - "We have to find a way to solve this."
he was a member of the - "He was a member of the committee."
he went on to say that - "He went on to say that changes are needed."
i cant tell you how many - "I can't tell you how many times I have tried."
i dont know about you but - "I don't know about you but I'm excited."
i spent a lot of time - "I spent a lot of time studying."
i think its fair to say - "I think it's fair to say we succeeded."
i think its going to be - "I think it' going to be a great day."
i think its safe to say - "I think it's safe to say we are ready."
i think theres a lot of - "I think there is a lot of potential here."
i thought i was going to - "I thought I was going to be late."
if for no other reason than - "If for no other reason than curiosity, try it."
if you are looking for a - "If you are looking for a sign, this is it."
if youre ready to read more - "If you are ready to read more, turn the page."
in any way shape or form - "I do not agree, in any way, shape, or form."
in every sense of the word - "He is a hero in every sense of the word."
in other parts of the world - "In other parts of the world, it is common."
in response to a question about - "In response to a question about the policy?"
in spite of the fact that - "In spite of the fact that it rained, we played."
in such a way as to - "Arrange it in such a way as to fit it in th box."
in the back of the head - "He was hit in the back of the head."
in the best interest of the - "It is in the best interest of the community."
in the best interests of the - "It is in the best interests of the team."
in the blink of an eye - "Everything changed in the blink of an eye."
in the days leading up to - "In the days leading up to the event, we prepared."
in the early days of the - "In the early days of the internet, things were different."
in the early morning hours of - "In the early morning hours of Friday, we left."
in the early part of the - "In the early part of the century, things were different."
in the early stages of the - "In the early stages of the project, we found challenges."
in the early years of the - "In the early years of the war, uncertainty was common."
in the eye of the beholder - "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder."
in the first half of the - "In the first half of the game, we scored."
in the first round of the - "He was eliminated in the first round of the competition."
in the first six months of - "In the first six months of the year, sales increased."
in the first three months of - "In the first three months of her job, she excelled."
in the grand scheme of things - "In the grand scheme of things, it is a minor issue."
in the heat of the moment - "In the heat of the moment, he spoke harshly."
in the history of the world - "In the history of the world, many changes have occurred."
in the lead up to the - "In the lead up to the event, excitement grew."
in the middle of the night - "He woke up in the middle of the night."
in the months leading up to - "In the months leading up to the wedding, they were very busy."
in the northern part of the - "She lives in the northern part of the city."
in the run up to the - "In the run up to the election, debates were frequent."
in the second half of the - "The team played better in the second half of the game."
in the second round of the - "He was selected in the second round of the draft."
in the weeks leading up to - "In the weeks leading up to the concert, tickets sold out quickly."
include but are not limited to - "Options include but are not limited to red and blue."
is a good place to start - "This book is a good place to start learning."
is at the heart of the - "Trust is at the heart of the relationship."
is believed to be the first - "This is believed to be the first example of its kind."
is not the same thing as - "Being alone is not the same thing as being lonely."
it is for this reason that - "It is for this reason that we must act now."
it is important to note that - "It is important to note that results may vary."
it is interesting to note that - "It is interesting to note that the pattern repeats."
it remains to be seen whether - "It remains to be seen whether the plan will work."
it should also be noted that - "It should also be noted that the park closes at sunset."
it should come as no surprise - "It should come as no surprise that he won."
it took me a while to - "It took me a while to understand the rules."
it turned out to be a - "It turned out to be a great success."
it was a bit of a - "It was a bit of a surprise to everyone."
it will be interesting to see - "It will be interesting to see how things develop."
it would be a good idea - "It would be a good idea to check the weather."
its not hard to see why - "It's not hard to see why the show is popular."
just the tip of the iceberg - "This is just the tip of the iceberg."
keep an eye out for an - "Keep an eye out for an opportunity."
let us know in the comments - "Let us know in the comments what you think."
let us know what you think - "Please let us know what you think about the idea."
lets take a look at the - "Lets take a look at the data."
make the world a better place - "We can all help to make the world a better place."
more than a third of the - "More than a third of the group voted yes."
most if not all of the - "Most if not all of the guests arrived on time."
no doubt in my mind that - "There is no doubt in my mind that it is true."
not for the faint of heart - "This movie is not for the faint of heart."
not going to be able to - "He is not going to be able to attend the meeting."
not to be confused with the - "This species is not to be confused with the common variety."
not to mention the fact that - "Not to mention the fact that it is her birthday."
nothing could be further from the - "Nothing could be further from the truth."
off the top of my head - "Off the top of my head, I'd say it is around ten."
on both sides of the aisle - "Politicians on both sides of the aisle agreed."
on the east side of the - "The park is on the east side of the river."
on the far side of the - "The store is on the far side of the lake."
on the final day of the - "On the final day of the festival, the crowd was huge."
on the first day of the - "On the first day of the trip, we explored the city."
on the last day of the - "On the last day of the vacation, we relaxed at the beach."
on the left side of the - "The button is on the left side of the screen."
on the north side of the - "A new store opened on the north side of town."
on the opposite side of the - "She sat on the opposite side of the table."
on the other side of the - "Meet me on the other side of the bridge."
on the right side of the - "Park on the right side of the street."
on the side of the road - "There is a store on the side of the road."
on the west side of the - "He lives on the west side of the city."
on the wrong side of the - "She woke up on the wrong side of the bed."
one of the best ways to learn - "Reading is one of the best ways to learn."
one of the best ways to - "One of the best ways to learn is by doing."
one of the great things about - "One of the great things about summer is the beach."
one of the leaders of the team - "She is one of the leaders of the team."
only a matter of time before - "It is only a matter of time before we succeed."
over a long period of time - "Over a long period of time, things change."
over and over again - "The pattern repeats over and over and over again."
over the course of the next - "We will be working on this project over the course of the next week."
over the last couple of years - "Technology has advanced over the last couple of years."
over the past couple of years - "She has traveled a lot over the past couple of years."
part of the problem is that - "Part of the problem is that it is complicated."
people from all over the world - "People from all over the world gather here."
people from all walks of life - "People from all walks of life enjoy it."
played a key role in the - "He played a key role in the project."
rock and roll hall of fame - "The band was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame."
stay on top of the latest - "It is important to stay on top of the latest news."
submit a letter to the editor - "You should submit a letter to the editor."
take a closer look at the - "Let us take a closer look at the plan."
than the sum of its parts - "The whole is greater than the sum of its parts."
the best player in the world - "He is considered the best player in the world."
the end of world war ii - "The book discusses the end of World War II."
the fact of the matter is - "The fact of the matter is clear."
the final year of his contract - "This is the final year of his contract."
the first of its kind in - "This is the first of its kind in the city."
the good news is that the - "The good news is that the project is on track."
the good the bad and the - "Life is about the good, the bad, and the ugly."
the latest in a series of - "This is the latest in a series of events."
the leader of the free world - "The leader of the free world spoke."
the list goes on and on - "The list goes on and on, my friend."
the President of the United States - "The President of the United States arrived."
the right of the people to - "The right of the people to vote is essential."
the right place at the right - "He was in the right place at the right time."
the same can be said for - "The same can be said for most people."
the same cannot be said - "The same cannot be said for others."
the same thing over and over - "It is the same thing over and over again."
the second year in a row - "We won for the second year in a row."
there are a lot of people - "There are a lot of people here."
there has been a lot of - "There has been a lot of progress."
there have been a number of - "There have been a number of changes."
there is a great deal of - "There is a great deal of work to do."
there is no doubt that the - "There is no doubt that the team will win."
there is no reason to believe - "There is no reason to believe otherwise."
there is no such thing as - "There is no such thing as impossible."
there is such a thing as - "There is such a thing as destiny."
this is going to be a - "This is going to be a great day."
this is not the first time - "This is not the first time I have been here."
this is not to say that - "This is not to say that it's impossible."
this is the first time that - "This is the first time that I have tried this."
to be a part of the - "To be a part of the team is exciting."
to be one of the most - "To be one of the most respected is an honor."
to come to terms with the - "To come to terms with the truth is hard."
to do a better job of - "We need to do a better job of listening."
to do everything we can to - "We will do everything we can to help."
to do whatever it takes to - "I will do whatever it takes to succeed."
to figure out a way to - "We need to figure out a way to fix it."
to figure out what to do - "It is tough to figure out what to do next."
to get the most out of - "To get the most out of life, be kind."
to get to the bottom of - "We will get to the bottom of the mystery."
to give you an idea of - "To give you an idea of the size, it is huge."
to look for new ways to - "Always look for new ways to improve."
to put an end to the - "It is time to put an end to the rumors."
to take a step back and - "Sometimes, take a step back and reflect."
to the best of my knowledge - "To the best of my knowledge, it is true."
to the rest of the world - "This news matters to the rest of the world."
trying to figure out how to - "I'm trying to figure out how to fix it."
up to five years in prison - "He faces up to five years in prison."
was one of the first to - "She was one of the first to arrive."
was the right thing to do - "It was the right thing to do."
we are going to have to - "We are going to have to work harder."
we are in the process of - "We are in the process of updating it."
we look forward to working with - "We look forward to working with you."
we want to hear what you - "We want to hear what you think."
we want to make sure that - "We want to make sure that it is safe."
went out of his way to - "He went out of his way to help."
what are we going to do - "What are we going to do now?"
what are you going to do - "What are you going to do about it?"
what are your thoughts on the - "What are your thoughts on the matter?"
what can only be described as - "It was what can only be described as amazing."
what do you think of the - "What do you think of the new plan?"
what does it mean to be - "What does it mean to be free?"
what it means to be a - "She showed what it means to be a leader."
what we do know is that - "What we do know is that it's important."
when all is said and done - "When all is said and done, we will know more."
when i was a kid i - "When I was a kid, I loved to explore."
when i was in high school - "When I was in high school, I played sports."
when it comes down to it - "When it comes down to it, family matters."
when was the last time you - "When was the last time you tried something new?"
who asked not to be named - "A person, who asked not to be named, spoke up."
who did not want to be - "He was someone who did not want to be late."
who was not involved in the - "She was not involved in the decision."
will no longer be able to - "You will no longer be able to enter."
would not have been able to - "I would not have been able to do it alone."
you dont have to worry about - "You don't have to worry about it."
you want to learn how to - "Do you want to learn how to cook?"
you will not be able to - "You will not be able to enter without a ticket."